## 22:32 - From: admin@credly.com **Subject:** Jake! You just earned a badge from Microsoft Global Channel Partner Sales (GCPS) 🎉 > You don't often get email from admin@credly.com. Learn why this is important  Congratulations! Jake, you just earned a badge from Microsoft Global Channel Partner Sales (GCPS) 🎉!  Pro Code with C

## 22:02 - From: learn@technofocus.co **Subject:** Implement with impact: Build and Extend your agents using pro-code capabilities in Copilot Studio - Assessment Course completed: Expand your skills with LevelUp > You don't often get email from learn@technofocus.co. Learn why this is important  Automatic notification via LevelUp for Microsoft From:           Feedback And Support Team @ Feb 20, 2:02 pm Subj

## 21:55 - From: admin@credly.com **Subject:** Jake! You just earned a badge from Microsoft Global Channel Partner Sales (GCPS) 🎉 > You don't often get email from admin@credly.com. Learn why this is important  Congratulations! Jake, you just earned a badge from Microsoft Global Channel Partner Sales (GCPS) 🎉!  Simplify agent 

## 21:23 - From: learn@technofocus.co **Subject:** You’re enrolled: Start your Implement with impact: Build and Extend your agents using pro-code capabilities in Copilot Studio - Assessment course with LevelUp > You don't often get email from learn@technofocus.co. Learn why this is important  Automatic notification via LevelUp for Microsoft From:           Technofocus LevelUp @ Feb 20, 1:22 pm Subject:

## 21:21 - From: learn@technofocus.co **Subject:** Implement with impact: Simplify agent development with Copilot Studio - Assessment Course completed: Expand your skills with LevelUp > You don't often get email from learn@technofocus.co. Learn why this is important  Automatic notification via LevelUp for Microsoft From:           Feedback And Support Team @ Feb 20, 1:21 pm Subj

## 21:00 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended > Your On Demand Lab Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended! Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear Jake Bowles  Your On Demand Lab of Chat wit

## 18:48 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended > Your On Demand Lab Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended! Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear Jake Bowles  Your On Demand Lab of Chat wit

## 18:45 - From: Azure@promomail.microsoft.com **Subject:** Learn how to secure and optimise AI workloads with Azure > Bring security and performance insights together for resilient AI applications.

## 18:31 - From: Callum.Gilluley@tdsynnex.com **Subject:** POC/ACO form  > Hi all,  Thought it might be useful if you knew the exact layout and info I need to raise these so i've put them on a word doc so you can fill out and send back. The Azure frontier section is the ne

## 18:15 - From: PartnerVoice@service.microsoft.com **Subject:** Partner Voice Webcast: What’s new with dbt jobs in Microsoft Fabric > Partner Voice Webcast: What’s new with dbt jobs in Microsoft Fabric  IMPORTANT: Please do not "Reply all" to this meeting invitation.  Walk through the post–public preview features and improve

## 18:12 - From: PartnerVoice@service.microsoft.com **Subject:** Partner Voice Webcast: Reference Data Lookup in Fabric Eventstream > Partner Voice Webcast: Reference Data Lookup in Fabric Eventstream  IMPORTANT: Please do not "Reply all" to this meeting invitation.  Users can now add rich context to real‑time streaming even

## 18:07 - From: PartnerVoice@service.microsoft.com **Subject:** Partner Voice Webcast: Build Apps in Fabric > Partner Voice Webcast: Build Apps in Fabric  IMPORTANT: Please do not "Reply all" to this meeting invitation.  We’re working on a new product, code-named Rayfin, which is a backend-as-a-servic

## 17:44 - From: Azure@promomail.microsoft.com **Subject:** Use proven guidance to move to the cloud > Get best practices, documentation and tools to accelerate your cloud journey.

## 17:15 - From: member@email.vitality.co.uk **Subject:** 🩧 Early cancer warning signs you shouldn't ignore > February 2026 edition

## 15:44 - From: josh.delaharpe@venturesystemsgroup.com **Subject:** BES Group - draft SoW > Some people who received this message don't often get email from josh.delaharpe@venturesystemsgroup.com. Learn why this is important Hi Jake,  Really appreciated your help on this, will make sure t

## 15:24 - From: charlie.phipps-bennett@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Synapx - Invitation to Participate in Euroleague Basketball RFPs > Hi Joan, Thank you for your email. We invested a significant amount of time and effort into our proposal, so I’d really appreciate any feedback you can share. Understanding where we fell short this 

## 15:09 - From: noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** You have 2 mentions > Agent in a Day (AgIAD) - Updates to AgIAD Attendee content are live! Here's what you can expect: [Image]

## 15:04 - From: no-reply@teams.mail.microsoft **Subject:** Craig mentioned you in your chat > Andrew Price Charlie Phipps-Bennett Jake Bowles You able to join us?

## 14:42 - From: joancarles.ros@euroleague.net **Subject:** Re: Synapx - Invitation to Participate in Euroleague Basketball RFPs > Dear Charlie,  Thank you again for your proposals.  After careful review, we regret to inform you that your proposals have not been successful on this occasion.  We appreciate the time and effor

## 14:27 - From: kmistry@mountanvil.com **Subject:** RE: Synapx Partnering/Support - MA Requirements/ASK > Hi Matt,  Apologies for the delay.  Yes, I believe that could give us the flexibility we need.  Do you have availability next week to discuss how we can best outline the Discovery part of the ro

## 13:17 - From: receipts+acct_15YpNsJAmnYVOvfn@stripe.com **Subject:** Your Replit receipt [#1178-7770] > You don't often get email from receipts+acct_15ypnsjamnyvovfn@stripe.com. Learn why this is important  Receipt from Replit [#1178-7770] Amount paid $21.85 Date paid Feb 20, 2026, 5:15:23 AM

## 12:45 - From: nick.martin@wineowners.com **Subject:** Re: Meeting follow up > You don't often get email from nick.martin@wineowners.com. Learn why this is important Hi James,  Thank you for coming in to meet with us. It was very helpful to meet you and Jake, and we look forw

## 10:28 - From: owais@adstract.co.uk **Subject:** Re: Doc Extraction Webpage Requirements > Hi Ankita,  Apologies, I forgot to update the menu link, I’ve updated this now too!  Thanks, Owais Sidat Director

## 09:56 - From: aishwarya.ramesh@synapx.com **Subject:** LinkedIn Report- Feb 2025 to Feb 206 > Hi everyone, Please find attached a detailed analysis report of our LinkedIn performance from February 2025 to February 2026. I thought it would be interesting and valuable to share these insights wi

## 09:55 - From: pcarter@capitalhb.co.uk **Subject:** RE: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Andrew  With the password reset, sorry I forgot to mention that when testing I reset the password for the admin account. Therefore, it will error when you try to rest it. Please use this link to

## 09:47 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom is ready > Your On Demand Lab starts now! Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear Jake Bowles  Your Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom On demand lab is ready.

## 09:47 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Invite for On demand lab - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom > Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear

## 09:40 - From: gagan.m@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: managing lots of reports and dashboards > Sure. Cristian.  Have a good weekend, when it arrives.  Kind regards, ​ ​Gagan

## 09:35 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended > Your On Demand Lab Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom has ended! Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear Jake Bowles  Your On Demand Lab of Chat wit

## 09:17 - From: invoice+statements+acct_15YpNsJAmnYVOvfn@stripe.com **Subject:** Your receipt from Replit #2569-1034 > You don't often get email from invoice+statements+acct_15ypnsjamnyvovfn@stripe.com. Learn why this is important  Your receipt from Replit #2569-1034

## 09:08 - From: email@microsoft.com **Subject:** Protect What Matters: Securing Data in the Age of Agentic AI - March 26 > You don't often get email from email@microsoft.com. Learn why this is important A 2hour digital experience combining AI data security strategy with an exclusive virtual datacenter tour.

## 08:35 - From: ankita.kajal@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Doc Extraction Webpage Requirements > Hi Owais,  I am seeing this on my end, even in incognito mode. Can you please check and change the name on the navigation bar as well?  Kind regards, ​ ​Ankita

## 08:16 - From: gagan.m@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: managing lots of reports and dashboards > Hi Cristian,  Thank you for the confirmation. I believe you are still aware of the access-related queries under discussion with Phil. As soon as that is sorted, we will kick off with development.

## 08:04 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom is ready > You don't often get email from noreply@cloudlabsai.net. Learn why this is important Your On Demand Lab starts now! Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom  Dear Jake Bowles

## 08:03 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Invite for On demand lab - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom > You don't often get email from noreply@cloudlabsai.net. Learn why this is important Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-2

## 08:03 - From: noreply@cloudlabsai.net **Subject:** Invite for On demand lab - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom > You don't often get email from noreply@cloudlabsai.net. Learn why this is important Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-20 | United Kingdom Invite - Chat with Your Data/AI tour | 2026-02-2

## 07:24 - From: tushara.udata@synapx.com **Subject:** Synapx Internal Projects - Weekly Governance Meeting > Agenda:  * New Project approvals (Priority, Dev resources, Timelines, Dependencies, etc) * Confirm Projects to be closed * Review status of ongoing internal projects

## 04:00 - From: microsoft-noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** Your subscription is re-enabled > Resume using Azure at no charge.  Your Visual Studio Enterprise Subscription – MPN subscription has been re-enabled

## 02:32 - From: no-reply@sharepointonline.com **Subject:** Your Teams meeting recording has expired and is now deleted > This expired file has been deleted  Synapx & Pro Global - AI Kick-off attempt _2-20251023_111056-Meeting Recording.mp4 You can restore this file from the recycle bin for a limited time

## 22:55 - From: Azure@promomail.microsoft.com **Subject:** Security recommendation: Help protect your VMs in any environment > You don't often get email from azure@promomail.microsoft.com. Learn why this is important Activate Microsoft Defender for Servers on your VMs to safeguard VMs with native security features.

## 21:35 - From: noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** Lisa mentioned Fabric Analyst in a Day (FAIAD) > Fabric Analyst in a Day (FAIAD) Update on localization for December updates: Instructor Content available...

## 21:09 - From: Sarah.Li@mail.replit.com **Subject:** 💕 February Replit Product Updates > You don't often get email from sarah.li@mail.replit.com. Learn why this is important Production database access for Agent, Agent Inbox, & more.

## 20:08 - From: v-maharif@microsoft.com **Subject:** Re: Post Event Call: Synapx - CDIAD - Feb 20th > Hi @Jake,

## 20:00 - From: no-reply@sharepointonline.com **Subject:** Your Teams meeting recording has expired and is now deleted > This expired file has been deleted  Call with Nandan Hegde-20251022_173354-Meeting Recording.mp4 You can restore this file from the recycle bin for a limited time

## 19:06 - From: v-maharif@microsoft.com **Subject:** Canceled: Post Event Call: Synapx - CDIAD - Feb 20th > __________________________________ From: Jake Bowles <jake.bowles@synapx.com> Sent: Sunday, February 15, 2026 8:12:31 PM To: Mahnoor Arif (Lumovy Technology Solutions LLC) <v-maharif@microsoft.com>

## 18:26 - From: andrew.price@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Phil,  Most welcome, and nice to have met you both.  Password Reset  I am not able to reset the password using that link because I get the following:

## 18:07 - From: MicrosoftAICloudPartnerProgram@email.microsoft.com **Subject:** Your Partner Marketing Center experience—transformed > Find campaigns. Customise resources. Close deals.

## 17:57 - From: noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** Stephanie mentioned Fabric Partner Community > Hi General!   A quick registration update as we get closer to Atlanta:   ✅ All BOGO codes have now...

## 17:20 - From: simon.bath@mexasolutions.com **Subject:** Re: Microsoft - Salary Guide > Attached,  There's two for Infra, as one is focused on London, the other is UK wide.  Data & Analytics is attached too .. I'm in the process of updating my Data Guide, to include AI / Automation .

## 17:14 - From: pcarter@capitalhb.co.uk **Subject:** RE: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Andrew  Thanks for your time earlier. I think I have the access sorted, all three accounts can access Power BI, Fabric, Azure DevOps and the Azure Portal. Regards resetting passwords, to save r
