## 02:58 - From: Akshansh Sharma in Teams <no-reply@teams.mail.microsoft> **Subject:** Akshansh sent a message > Matt Davies  Akshansh Sharma FYI forecast 📷 Image I will update and remove investor...

## 03:32 - From: noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** Emily mentioned Private Previews and Feedback Opportunities > General, Private Previews and Feedback Opportunities : We're looking for users of the Data Warehouse to share feedback...
## 02:58 - From: no-reply@teams.mail.microsoft **Subject:** Akshansh sent a message > Matt Davies  Akshansh Sharma FYI forecast 
 Image I will update and remove investor...

## 07:44 - From: Amanda Bond <Amanda.Bond@springcapitalpartners.com> **Subject:** Meeting today? > Hi Andrew,  Thank you for coming in to meet with us on Monday. Are we meeting today?  Kind regards, Amanda  Sent from Outlook for Android  Spring Capital Partners Limited is an Appointed Repr

## 08:16 - From: Amanda Bond <Amanda.Bond@springcapitalpartners.com> **Subject:** Re: Meeting today? > Thank you. See you then.


## 08:37 - From: Lanware Service Desk <servicedesk@lanware.co.uk> **Subject:** RE: FW: Shared Mailbox Set up in LCP Tenant - Ticket Update [INC:0205798] > You have a new message regarding your ticket with the ID 0205798. You can visit our portal at anytime to see the status of your at portal.lanware.com.






Your Ticket 0205798

We have an up

## 08:39 - From: Nandan Hegde <nandan.hegde@synapx.com> **Subject:** RE: FW: Shared Mailbox Set up in LCP Tenant - Ticket Update [INC:0205798] > Hello All,
Good day!

There is no action as of now.

Kind regards,

Nandan


Nandan Hegde
DATA & AI DIRECTOR


nandan.hegde@synapx.com
Brigade Twin Towers,
Bengaluru, 560022

## 08:41 - From: Charlie Phipps-Bennett <charlie.phipps-bennett@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: Latest quote breakdown > Hi Andrew,

Sorry James isn't available then. Can we do 3pm Friday?

Kind regards,

Charlie


Charlie PhippsBennett
APPS & AUTOMATION GLOBAL DIRECTOR


+44 (0) 7492 664447
charl

## 08:38 - From: Sent **Subject:** Re: K&S slipstream questionnaire > Do we know if their on prem servers are all on the same network or do we need another VPN for Germany?

If the latter then the private DNS is going to be pretty hard to get working

Kind regards,



## 09:15 - From: Saumya Dubey <saumya.dubey@synapx.com> **Subject:** Automatic reply: You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Hello! Thanks for contacting me, I am on a personal time off until 11th Jan with no access to my mails/teams. For any urgent scenario please contact nandan.hegde@synapx.com/jake.bowles@synapx.com. Apo

## 09:15 - From: Sent **Subject:** You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Microsoft Teams
Jake added you to the Synapx | Delivery team!


Synapx | Delivery

        26 members
        A place to hold all delivery related discussions
Open Microsoft Teams

Bring you

## 09:15 - From: Sent **Subject:** You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Microsoft Teams
Jake added you to the Synapx | Delivery team!


Synapx | Delivery

        26 members
        A place to hold all delivery related discussions
Open Microsoft Teams

Bring you

## 09:29 - From: Ankita Kajal <ankita.kajal@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: Doc Extraction Webpage Requirements > Hi Owais,\r\n\r\nJust to add onto my previous email. We now have a screenshot for the section ''how it works'.\r\n\r\nI think we can utilise it here instead of the screenshot of the 'email to PDF' that I had

## 09:15 - From: Saumya Dubey <saumya.dubey@synapx.com> **Subject:** Automatic reply: You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Hello! Thanks for contacting me, I am on a personal time off until 11th Jan with no access to my mails/teams. For any urgent scenario please contact nandan.hegde@synapx.com/jake.bowles@synapx.com. Apo

## 09:15 - From: (Sent) Me **Subject:** You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Microsoft Teams\r\nJake added you to the Synapx | Delivery team!\r\n\r\n\r\nSynapx | Delivery\r\n\r\n        26 members\r\n        A place to hold all delivery related discussions\r\nOpen Microsoft Teams\r\n\r\nBring you

## 09:15 - From: (Sent) Me **Subject:** You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > Microsoft Teams\r\nJake added you to the Synapx | Delivery team!\r\n\r\n\r\nSynapx | Delivery\r\n\r\n        26 members\r\n        A place to hold all delivery related discussions\r\nOpen Microsoft Teams\r\n\r\nBring you

## 09:41 - From: Matt Davies <matt.davies@synapx.com> **Subject:** Directors Meeting > ________________________________________________________________________________
Microsoft Teams Need help?
Join the meeting now
Meeting ID: 354 016 358 693 83
Passcode: pt77CP7S
________________

