## 05:59 - From: Navsheen Koul <navsheen.koul@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: Doc Extraction Webpage Requirements > Hi @Owais,

Looks good to me. I like the 2nd better.
I like the open form in the 2nd option as its more intuitive. However my concern is with the image next to the 'How it Works' section - one half

## 09:26 - From: Swapna Deshpande <Swapna@lemonedge.com> **Subject:** Re: Custom Import Template and Auth > Hi Nandan ,

Find attached all CITs used for the NAV reconciliation functionality.

Regards,

Swapna Deshpande| Developer

LemonEdge | Follow

________________________________
From: Tayo El

## 09:49 - From: charlie.phipps-bennett@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: CDIAD - Feb 20th > @Jake Bowles will be leading the workshop. I will let him arrange a call with you.
## 09:41 - From: (Sent) **Subject:** Jake Bowles left a comment in "CapitalHB - Data & Reporting Discovery - Business Requirements Document_v0.0" > CapitalHB - Data & Reporting Discovery - Business Requirements Document_v0.0.docx


Jake Bowles added a comment

Has changed

…dback.
•Future Roadmap: There is organisational commitment to inv

## 10:13 - From: Gagan M <gagan.m@synapx.com> **Subject:** Canceled: Seras Fabric Discovery Weekly Catchup > This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and
## 10:07 - From: Sophia Fricker <sophia.fricker@synapx.com> **Subject:** Fw: Blogging @ FabCon+SQLCon Atlanta 2026 > Hi both,

I would like to write another blo to submit to Micrtosoft, which of these topics do you think we could write about:


Snowflake + OneLake bidirectional interop

Fabric data agents


## 10:06 - From: Tayo Eletu-Odibo <Tayo.Eletu-Odibo@leadenhallcp.com> **Subject:** RE: Custom Import Template and Auth > Hi Swapna, Nandan,

Great to see the progress on this. Could we include the PriceMarket & PriceProvider in the import? That will be useful down the line when determining which FX rate to use


## 10:01 - From: Synapx Power Platform Products Dev <svc_pp_products_dev@synapxltd.onmicrosoft.com> **Subject:** Please add your birthday to the Delve > Reminder to set birthday

Tuesday 10 February 2026

Hello Jake Bowles,

Please use this link to set your birthday date in Delve. That will help us keep track our teammate's birthdays. Once your

## 10:43 - From: joe.thompson@midwich.com **Subject:** K&S slipstream questionnaire > 
Joe Thompson
Chief Transformation Officer
+44 (0)1379 773230
joe.thompson@midwich.com
midwichgroupplc.com



This message is private and confidential. If you have received this message i

## 09:41 - From: (Sent) matt.davies@synapx.com **Subject:** Jake Bowles left a comment in "CapitalHB - Data & Reporting Discovery - Business Requirements Document_v0.0" > CapitalHB - Data & Reporting Discovery - Business Requirements Document_v0.0.docx


Jake Bowles added a comment

Has changed

dback.
Future Roadmap: There is organisational commitment to inv

## 10:53 - From: Navsheen Koul <navsheen.koul@synapx.com> **Subject:** Canceled: Product Catchup > This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
## 10:57 - From: Nishanth Ballal <nishanth.ballal@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: January - February Missing Receipts > Hello Jake,

Please can you provide these missing receipts:


Kind regards,

Nishanth


Nishanth Ballal
FINANCE COORDINATOR


+91 86601 39990
nishanth.ballal@synapx.com
Brigade
## 10:59 - From: Anand Karia <anand.karia@synapx.com> **Subject:** Euroleague BB - RFP response checkpoint > Ideally to review the final or near-final response
________________________________________________________________________________
Microsoft Teams meeting
Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/35

## 11:09 - From: Craig@Iwantmore.ai **Subject:** iwantmore.ai and Synapx- Regular check in > Agenda:

  *   Actions from last meeting
  *   Pipeline – New clients
  *   Pipeline – Existing clients
  *   Delivery update – Joint clients
  *   Marketing plans
  *   Events
  *   What can 

## 11:07 - From: Dynamics365-Incremental@byworth.co.uk **Subject:** FW: Placeholder - F&O Reporting > ________________________________
From: Dynamics 365 <Dynamics365-Incremental@byworth.co.uk>
Sent: 28 January 2026 11:16:38 (UTC+00:00) Dublin, Edinburgh, Lisbon, London
To: Dynamics 365 <Dynamics36

## 11:27 - From: Seun Gray <seun.gray@venturesystemsgroup.com> **Subject:** Fabric Deep Dive & BB014 Costing Accuracy workshop - 12th Feb > Morning,

Darren (F&O functional consultant) and Jake (Fabric Consultant) are both looking forward to meeting you on the 12th of Feb. They will be at the Byworth office for the workshop on the day.
## 11:21 - From: Charlie Phipps-Bennett <charlie.phipps-bennett@synapx.com> **Subject:** Delivery Leadership Call > Agenda:

1. Delivery Health Check

  *   Status of key programs/projects
  *   Risks, blockers, and escalations
  *   Resource or capacity concerns

2. Strategic Priorities & Alignment

  *

## 12:55 - From: Lanware Service Desk <servicedesk@lanware.co.uk> **Subject:** RE: FW: Shared Mailbox Set up in LCP Tenant - Ticket Update [INC:0205798] > You have a new message regarding your ticket with the ID 0205798. You can visit our portal at anytime to see the status of your at portal.lanware.com.






Your Ticket 0205798

We have an up

## 12:50 - From: Navsheen Koul <navsheen.koul@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: LCP Finance Document Extraction Project Update > Added edits in yellow



Hi all,
Budget utilized = 64%
Development completion = technically 100%, currently looking into bugs and improving AI extraction
E2E Project Completion ETA - 20th Feb


## 12:27 - From: (Sent) to akshansh.sharma@synapx.com **Subject:** Declined: Delivery Weekly Standup > 

## 12:55 - From: Lanware Service Desk <servicedesk@lanware.co.uk> **Subject:** RE: FW: Shared Mailbox Set up in LCP Tenant - Ticket Update [INC:0205798] > You have a new message regarding your ticket with the ID 0205798. You can visit our portal at anytime to see the status of your ticket at portal.lanware.com.

## 12:50 - From: Navsheen Koul <navsheen.koul@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: LCP Finance Document Extraction Project Update > Added edits in yellow  Hi all, Budget utilized = 64% Development completion = technically 100%, currently looking into bugs and improving AI extraction E2E Project Completion ETA - 20th Feb

## 12:55 - From: Lanware Service Desk <servicedesk@lanware.co.uk> **Subject:** RE: FW: Shared Mailbox Set up in LCP Tenant - Ticket Update [INC:0205798] > You have a new message regarding your ticket with the ID 0205798. You can visit our portal at anytime to see the status of your at portal.lanware.com.
## 12:50 - From: Navsheen Koul <navsheen.koul@synapx.com> **Subject:** Re: LCP Finance Document Extraction Project Update > Added edits in yellow
## 12:38 - From: Sophia Fricker <sophia.fricker@synapx.com> **Subject:** Canceled: Jensten catch up > This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and
## 12:27 - From: (Sent) **Subject:** Declined: Delivery Weekly Standup > 
