## 22:33 - From: xiadevents@microsoft.com **Subject:** Level Up Your Delivery: Join Our Upcoming Train the Trainer Sessions! > You don't often get email from xiadevents@microsoft.com. Learn why this is important
Hi partners,

We’re excited to invite you to our upcoming Train the Trainer (TTT) sessions for Agent in a Day, A
## 19:23 - From: member@email.vitality.co.uk **Subject:** 🦈 Save 25% off Gymshark sitewide > Plus, no joining fee on our partner gyms
‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
## 17:57 - From: pdobson@capitalhb.co.uk **Subject:** RE: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Andrew

Please could we go for 11:00 to 12:00 tomorrow

Thanks

Philip Dobson
​​
IT Manager
DDI: 0330 0940512
Capital Hair & Beauty Ltd
Crowhurst Corner
,
Brighton
,
BN1 8AP
www.c
## 16:56 - From: andrew.price@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Phil,

Sure - are you free 11:00-12:00 or 16:30-18:00 tomorrow please? The 2 issues I have found so far:

Power BI



My Account

Cannot access My Account to change password and add 2FA:

## 16:50 - From: adobesign@adobesign.com **Subject:** Completed: "Leadenhall Capital Partners_SOW005_Fabric FX Rates Integration (Graph API)_26 January 2026" > Attached is the final agreement for your reference.

All parties finished
Leadenhall Capital Partners_SOW005_Fabric FX Rates Integration (Graph API)_26 January 2026

Open agreement
_____________
## 16:38 - From: pcarter@capitalhb.co.uk **Subject:** RE: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Some people who received this message don't often get email from pcarter@capitalhb.co.uk. Learn why this is important
HI Andrew

Can we set up a meeting please.
We need to fully understand what is
## 16:18 - From: v-maharif@microsoft.com **Subject:** You have been added to a team in Microsoft Teams > You don't often get email from v-maharif@microsoft.com. Learn why this is important
Microsoft Teams
Mahnoor added you to the XIAD - In a Day Events team!


XIAD - In a Day Events

        2236 
## 15:31 - From: timon.wan@synapx.com **Subject:** Sample Middleware Responses > Sample of the middleware.

Data is live.
## 15:00 - From: noreply@microsoft.com **Subject:** Stephanie mentioned Fabric Partner Community > General Your event experience starts now! 🎉   The Whova app is officially open—download it today to...💬[Image] ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ 
## 14:46 - From: Jonathan.Allen@midwich.com **Subject:** Re: Boomi & Slipstream - K&S > You don't often get email from jonathan.allen@midwich.com. Learn why this is important
Hi Jake,

Yes Exactly.


​​
Jon Allen
Boomi Product Owner
+44 (0)1379 649337
+44 (0) 1379 649200
Jon
## 14:29 - From: andrew.price@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Phil,

We have managed to provision the Azure Subscription. Please can you provide our Admin account access to it? We will be sending our funding request off to Microsoft today.

We also need t
## 14:16 - From: James@Iwantmore.ai **Subject:** Meeting follow up > Hi all

Thanks for your time yesterday. I thought it was a really interesting discussion. As a follow up, I noted four distinct streams:


  1.
Vinum specific use cases - JG to refine the list a
## 13:01 - From: tushara.udata@synapx.com **Subject:** Synapx Internal Projects - Weekly Governance Meeting > Agenda:

  *
New Project approvals (Priority, Dev resources, Timelines, Dependencies, etc)
  *
Confirm Projects to be closed
  *
Review status of ongoing internal projects

__________________
## 12:57 - From: tushara.udata@synapx.com **Subject:** Canceled: Synapx Internal Projects - Weekly Governance Meeting > This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
## 12:54 - From: tushara.udata@synapx.com **Subject:** Canceled: Synapx Internal Projects - Weekly Governance Meeting > Postponed to next week


This message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged, proprietary, or otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify
## 12:44 - From: no-reply@mail.nexudus.com **Subject:** Out-of-hours toilet & shower room lock checks - 19th & 20th February | beyond Aldgate Tower > Latest conversations at London - Aldgate - 2 Leman Street:

________________________________
Out-of-hours toilet & shower room lock checks - 19th & 20th February
Follow - Mute - View online - Repl
## 12:30 - From: Amanda.Bond@springcapitalpartners.com **Subject:** RE: [FAILURE] Data Load Failed for 10b83dcfcdf04a9abd31c8e732e31f54_NAV_1246_2026-02-17.xlsx | FROP-001A | Run script to clean data failed with reason: Run script failed with reason: Script did not run successfully | 2026-02-17 14:33 > Hi Sudarshan,

Thank you.  I can now see Chelverton data from the 17th.

Kind regards,
Amanda

Amanda Bond
Client Services and Data Manager

Chelverton | Cusana | Evenlode  | Tata | Zennor

## 12:22 - From: bhoomi.dasa@synapx.com **Subject:** Interview Scheduled – Junior Software Engineer | Manoj Jonnakuti Synapx | Manoj Jonnakuti > Hi Manoj,
I hope you are doing well.
This is to confirm your interview for the Junior software engineer role at Synapx. Please find the details below:
Date: 18th Feb 2026, Wednesday
Time: 10:00 PM
## 11:59 - From: cettridge@capitalhb.co.uk **Subject:** RE: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Thanks for pushing on this.

I’ll let this email land and play out (in the hope it is resolved) , but if you arent getting the access you need please come to me directly. If you copy me in for now a
## 11:04 - From: andrew.price@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Phil,

Thank you for the changes - I have been able to get into Power BI with the Admin account. The issue we have at the moment is we cannot change the passwords that were given to us or setup 2
## 10:49 - From: sudarshan.gopal@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: [FAILURE] Data Load Failed for 10b83dcfcdf04a9abd31c8e732e31f54_NAV_1246_2026-02-17.xlsx | FROP-001A | Run script to clean data failed with reason: Run script failed with reason: Script did not run successfully | 2026-02-17 14:33 > Hi Amanda,

Hope you are doing well.
It looks like the system timed out earlier, which caused the Office Script flow to fail. I have re-triggered the process flows, and the data has been processed 
## 10:49 - From: Duncan@lemonedge.com **Subject:** Re: Custom Import Template and Auth > Thanks Nandan,
Now booked for 13:30 GMT.

Kind Regards,



Duncan Kirby

Head of Programs

Program Manager

(+44) 07583 701710

LemonEdge | Follow





___________________________
## 10:48 - From: Duncan@lemonedge.com **Subject:** API Requirements  > Q&A API Requirements

________________________________________________________________________________
Microsoft Teams meeting
Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/36214342462656?p=uN3ZzqVj2ZnhC
## 10:44 - From: nandan.hegde@synapx.com **Subject:** RE: Custom Import Template and Auth > Hello Duncan,
Good day!

Yes, sure.
We can connect at 7 PM IST (1:30 PM UK)

Thanks,
Nandan Hegde

From: Duncan Kirby <Duncan@lemonedge.com>
Sent: 18 February 2026 16:07
To: Nandan Hegde <n
## 10:38 - From: Duncan@lemonedge.com **Subject:** Re: Custom Import Template and Auth > Hi Nandan,
Please can we have a quick meeting to understand this requirement.
Do you have availability today?

Kind Regards,



Duncan Kirby

Head of Programs

Program Manager

(+44) 075
## 10:04 - From: Cloud@digital.netapp.com **Subject:** AI projects that work start with the power of your data > If you are not able to see this e-mail, please click here to open it in your browser.

Hi Jake,

AI is transforming every industry, but successful AI projects start with the right data foundation.
## 10:01 - From: tejashwini.das@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: HR Update  > Hey Matt,
Thank you so much for the kind message and thoughtful words. I truly appreciate it.
It has been a wonderful experience being part of Synapx and working alongside such a supportive and dedi
## 09:56 - From: Jose.Pacheco@midwich.com **Subject:** Re: Midwich US and Slipstream > Hi Jake,
Thanks for the clarification and for aligning on the approach.
From a security and governance perspective, using Private Endpoints is the preferred model for this integration. It enforces e
## 09:41 - From: matt.davies@synapx.com **Subject:** HR Update  > Hi all,

I hope you are all having a good week.

I need to let you know that Tej will be leaving Synapx and her last day will be this Friday 20th Feb. Since joining us Tej has been an important me
## 09:24 - From: MSDyn365@email.microsoft.com **Subject:** Microsoft AI Business Transformation Series: 3 webinars for EMEA leaders > You don't often get email from msdyn365@email.microsoft.com. Learn why this is important
Discover how Frontier Firms use AI agents to drive efficiency, innovation, and customer impact
Having trouble
## 08:47 - From: dhanyakumar.l@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: WFH Request – Health Reason > Hi Akshansh,

I have noticed significant improvement in health over the past few weeks. I never imagined strict diet would bring this much of health improvement!

However, during my recent consult
## 08:34 - From: noreply@yourpayroll.co.uk **Subject:** Login from a new IP address detected for QuickBooks UK > Hi Jake Samuel Bowles,

We noticed a login activity on your account from a new IP address:

Device Name: N/A
Session Info: Linux, Firefox
Location: N/A
IP address: 86.180.97.105
Timestamp: 08:
## 07:59 - From: nandan.hegde@synapx.com **Subject:** RE: Custom Import Template and Auth > Hello Swapna,
Good day!

Thank you for the confirmation.
Rather than having a fixed schedule, would it be possible for you all to trigger the job once you receive any email notification of job sta
## 07:59 - From: nishanth.ballal@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: January - February Missing Receipts > Hello Jake,

Thank you for sharing the missing receipts. However, 2X receipts are still pending from your end:

Kind regards,
​
​Nishanth
​
​​
Nishanth Ballal
FINANCE COORDINATOR

​
+91
## 07:50 - From: no-reply@teams.mail.microsoft **Subject:** Akshansh, Nandan, +3 sent 5 messages to your chat > Tushara Udata Everyone Resource Availability – 18 Feb Kush: 8 hrs/day till EOW (Jake Bowles to confirm if... ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ 
## 07:00 - From: cloud@digital.netapp.com **Subject:** Unlock what’s possible with Azure and AI > Discover new ways to power your next breakthrough on Azure
If you are not able to see this e-mail, please click here to open it in your browser.

Discover new ways to
power your next
breakthrough
## 06:51 - From: no-reply@teams.mail.microsoft **Subject:** You have 3 messages, 2 mentions > Hey Everyone, Rahul Mahajan has accepted the Offer. ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌  ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌
## 06:33 - From: ankita.kajal@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: Doc Extraction Webpage Requirements > Hi Owais,

Can you change the NoRead AI Product name's to Xtract please?

Kind regards,
​
​Ankita
​
​​
Ankita Kajal
BRAND & PRODUCT MARKETING STRATEGIST

​
ankita.kajal@synapx.com
WOCO
## 06:08 - From: gagan.m@synapx.com **Subject:** Re: [FAILURE] Data Load Failed for 10b83dcfcdf04a9abd31c8e732e31f54_NAV_1246_2026-02-17.xlsx | FROP-001A | Run script to clean data failed with reason: Run script failed with reason: Script did not run successfully | 2026-02-17 14:33 > Hi Amanda,

Let me review this issue internally and update you shortly.

Kind regards,
​
​Gagan
​
​​
Gagan M
PROJECT MANAGER

​
+91 87229 29191
gagan.m@synapx.com
Brigade Twin Towers,

## 15:52 - From: me **Subject:** Accepted: PLACEHOLDER - BES Group - Fabric Discussion > 
## 15:44 - From: me **Subject:** FW: Sample Middleware Responses > Hi Jeff,

Please see attached an example of the response you would expect to receive from the Foundry Analyser for a PO. Keen to hear your thoughts and if this fits into what you are expecting.

T
## 13:44 - From: me **Subject:** Accepted: Interview Scheduled – Junior Software Engineer | Manoj Jonnakuti Synapx | Manoj Jonnakuti > 
## 10:47 - From: me **Subject:** Re: Fabric Set Up Project Kick Off > Hi Phil,

We will confirm the access shortly but MFA is fine with us (if an OTP code is allowed), the conditional access from a company device is/was the issue.

For the Azure Subscription, we wil
## 10:08 - From: me **Subject:** Re: Boomi & Slipstream - K&S > Hi Jon,

Thanks for sharing.

Can I confirm that it is possible to push back into the ERP through the same process? Like this: Function —> Service Bus —> Boomi —> ERP


Kind regards,
​
​Jake
## 08:51 - From: me **Subject:** Fw: WFH Request – Health Reason > Kind regards,
​
​Jake
​
​​
Jake Bowles
DATA & AI GLOBAL DIRECTOR

​
jake.bowles@synapx.com
2 Leman Street,
​London, E1 8FA
www.synapx.com


________________________________
From: Dha
## 08:33 - From: me **Subject:** Re: January - February Missing Receipts > PSA

Kind regards,
​
​Jake
​
​​
Jake Bowles
DATA & AI GLOBAL DIRECTOR

​
jake.bowles@synapx.com
2 Leman Street,
​London, E1 8FA
www.synapx.com


________________________________
Fr
