# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 05:19 - Matt Davies
> <p>Morning <at id="0">Everyone</at>, the deck appears to have stalled (assuming the link above is still the most relevant one) and it's still a long way from being ready. The journey still feels fragmented to me and there is still no commercial proposition or transition into Synapx as a Service. are we dependent on anyone/anything else than ourselves at this stage? </p>


## 07:23 - Andrew Price
> <attachment id="1770700789119"></attachment>
> I did my licensing work last night - just need to do deck content now


# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 07:23 - Andrew Price
> <div>
> <attachment id="1770700789119"></attachment>
> I did my licensing work last night - just need to do deck content now</div>

## 05:19 - Matt Davies
> <p>Morning <at id="0">Everyone</at>, the deck appears to have stalled (assuming the link above is still the most relevant one) and it's still a long way from being ready. The journey still feels fragmented to me and there is still no commercial proposition or transition into Synapx as a Service. are we dependent on anyone/anything else than ourselves at this stage? </p>

## 15:46 - Andrew Price
> <p><img src="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/chats/19:d22123e553ab40fa972dae19d7a6a03f@thread.v2/messages/1770652018819/hostedContents/aWQ9eF8wLXd1ay1kMi0wNGNkYjZiZDM0NWE2MTQyMDgzYjU3ZmIwYzdiZGU1Yyx0eXBlPTEsdXJsPWh0dHBzOi8vdWstYXBpLmFzbS5za3lwZS5jb20vdjEvb2JqZWN0cy8wLXd1ay1kMi0wNGNkYjZiZDM0NWE2MTQyMDgzYjU3ZmIwYzdiZGU1Yy92aWV3cy9pbWdv/$value" width="378.2623626373626" height="250" alt="image" itemid="0-wuk-d2-04cdb6bd345a6142083b57fb0c7bde5c"></p>

## 13:28 - Sophia Fricker
> <p>I've added <strong>Microsoft E5 Promotions Available to slide 11</strong></p>

## 13:26 - Sophia Fricker
> <p><at id="0">Everyone</at>&nbsp;let me know if you need help with any slides</p>

## 22:09 - Matt Davies
> <p>5 onwards I think we need to provide more context on what our recommendations are and why - and&nbsp;&nbsp;how we tie this all into Synapx as a Service </p>

## 22:05 - Matt Davies
> <p>slide 4 - we could couple the underwriting work underneath the Fabric foundation to show that they are linked</p>

## 22:03 - Matt Davies
> <p>deck much improved thanks Sophia. the "journey" we have been on with them ends at slide 10 and that is where we should transition into our wider proposal and recommendations </p>

## 16:29 - Jake Bowles
> <p>fyi I have removed mention of F64 because I have a feeling we might regret putting that in writing when/if we blow past the limits of it</p>

## 15:17 - Kim Totten
> <p>She is a superstar ðŸ˜‰ </p>

# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 08:53 - Jake Bowles
> Just ourselves. I put some work into the data one yesterday evening but currently have a free afternoon so can prioritise getting this in good shape then.
> 
> I don't see any reason we cant get this done today.
> 
> @Sophia Fricker  can you pls start to add the Synapx as a Service pages in?

## 08:54 - Jake Bowles
> From pro:
> 
> Senior technician (full understanding of end to end) Â£850 a day
> Mid Tier : Â£450 a day â€“ can process map and advise from above
> Junior (good at error handling in BPO - Â£270 a day

# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 09:10 - Sophia Fricker
> Just adding the Synapx as  a Sevice pages in, will chase FH

## 09:06 - Matt Davies
> I think I can help with the overall structure Sophia Fricker . Is Fraser Hamilton looking at the VM stuff?


# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 09:10 - Sophia Fricker
> Just adding the Synapx as  a Sevice pages in, will chase FH

## 09:06 - Matt Davies
> I think I can help with the overall structure Sophia Fricker . Is Fraser Hamilton looking at the VM stuff?


# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 11:29 - Matt Davies
> <p>after speaking with Jensten - Jake and I want to send this today</p>


# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 11:29 - Matt Davies
> after speaking with Jensten - Jake and I want to send this today

## 10:11 - Andrew Price
> [attachment: 1770714400024]
> Will discuss with him once he reaches office

## 10:05 - Sophia Fricker
> added, anything else I can do to help?

## 09:10 - Sophia Fricker
> Just adding the Synapx as  a Sevice pages in, will chase FH

## 09:06 - Matt Davies
> I think I can help with the overall structure @Sophia Fricker . Is @Fraser Hamilton looking at the VM stuff?

## 08:54 - Jake Bowles
> From pro:
>
> Senior technician (full understanding of end to end) Â£850 a day
>
> Mid Tier : Â£450 a day â€“ can process map and advise from above
>
> Junior (good at error handling in BPO - Â£270 a day

## 08:53 - Jake Bowles
> [attachment: 1770700789119]
> Just ourselves. I put some work into the data one yesterday evening but currently have a free afternoon so can prioritise getting this in good shape then.
>
> I don't see any reason we cant get this done today.
>
> @Sophia Fricker  can you pls start to add the Synapx as a Service pages in?

## 07:23 - Andrew Price
> [attachment: 1770700789119]
> I did my licensing work last night - just need to do deck content now

## 05:19 - Matt Davies
> Morning @Everyone, the deck appears to have stalled (assuming the link above is still the most relevant one) and it's still a long way from being ready. The journey still feels fragmented to me and there is still no commercial proposition or transition into Synapx as a Service. are we dependent on anyone/anything else than ourselves at this stage?

## 15:46 - Andrew Price
> [image]

# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 12:15 - Jake Bowles
> I will handle it

## 12:13 - Matt Davies
> forgive me I know ive asked before - the Phase 0 architecture bit we told Graeme is cÂ£50k on the call - where does that fit in pls?

## 12:12 - Matt Davies
> e.g. 5 slides - HS POC, 1-4 UW workstreams

## 12:12 - Matt Davies
> Jake Bowles - given what we heard today I think we break out the current single slide on Daves stuff into their own slides - I dont see much of this on you as we will have the content but I think it deserves more than 1 slide

## 12:02 - Matt Davies
> Dave told us he would speak to Luke about his scope

## 12:01 - Matt Davies
> it was a surprise to me that Luke (IT director) reports to Dave (Head of Data) - something to be mindful of

## 11:29 - Matt Davies
> after speaking with Jensten - Jake and I want to send this today



## 12:15 - Jake Bowles
> I will handle it

## 12:13 - Matt Davies
> forgive me I know ive asked before - the Phase 0 architecture bit we told Graeme is cÂ£50k on the call - where does that fit in pls?

## 12:12 - Matt Davies
> e.g. 5 slides - HS POC, 1-4 UW workstreams

## 12:12 - Matt Davies
> @Jake Bowles - given what we heard today I think we break out the current single slide on Daves stuff into their own slides - I dont see much of this on you as we will have the content but I think it deserves more than 1 slide

## 12:02 - Matt Davies
> Dave told us he would speak to Luke about his scope

## 12:01 - Matt Davies
> it was a surprise to me that Luke (IT director) reports to Dave (Head of Data) - something to be mindful of

# Teams Chat â€” Jensten Proposal

## 15:56 - Fraser Hamilton
> I've analysed this and there's possibility to move / consolidate 40 of the 64 servers to SaaS / PaaS / IaaS or decommission entirely, such as moving to Entra / Azure Active Directory native
> 
> https://synapxltd-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/fraser_hamilton_synapx_com/IQDFpsrQqWmHSY1Sjssw-6QgAUnhNpitEz5GBIRGOEIK7HY?e=eVpBCl (Virtual Machines with purpose 2026.02.xlsx)



## 16:28 - Andrew Price
> <p>Estimate probably not feasible but what a migration could look like is - we have discussed and he is working on slide content</p>

## 16:28 - Matt Davies
> <p>effort/cost and duration is what I think needs to go into the deck</p>

## 16:28 - Matt Davies
> <p>Hi Fraser, thanks - sounds good. are you able to provide an estimate of effort to do this?&nbsp;</p>

## 17:05 - Matt Davies
> I believe we are covered as much as we can be

## 17:05 - Matt Davies
> thank you

## 17:05 - Matt Davies
> Jake is going to review this evening

## 17:03 - Sophia Fricker
> I've updated jakes slides, I haven't included the cost to deliver the phases FYI - do I need to? I need to go ad collect the children but I can continue work once they have gone down. Just let me know :)

## 16:34 - Matt Davies
> ok - even a T-shirt size would help but understand if not poss

## 16:28 - Andrew Price
> Estimate probably not feasible but what a migration could look like is - we have discussed and he is working on slide content

## 16:28 - Matt Davies
> effort/cost and duration is what I think needs to go into the deck

## 16:28 - Matt Davies
> Hi Fraser, thanks - sounds good. are you able to provide an estimate of effort to do this?

## 15:56 - Fraser Hamilton
> I've analysed this and there's possibility to move / consolidate 40 of the 64 servers to SaaS / PaaS / IaaS or decommission entirely, such as moving to Entra / Azure Active Directory native

