# Jensten Check-in Meeting Chat
**Date**: Friday 6th February 2026
**Chat**: Jensten Check in (Meeting)

## Key Messages

### Proposal Coordination
> **16:56 UTC** - Sophia Fricker
> @Jake Bowles, @Matt Davies, @Andrew Price, @Charlie Phipps-Bennett Gantt chart
> Please each also check your pages

> **16:58 UTC** - Sophia Fricker
> @Jake Bowles please can you add the info for the Fabric capacity and Power BI Pro

### Resource Updates
> **16:26 UTC** - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Sorry I have been roped into development on Midwich

> **17:02 UTC** - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Midwich solved and I deployed to UAT.
> Sorry now developing on Compass then I will join

> **17:05 UTC** - Matt Davies
> just finished Charlie, all in hand - thank you

> **17:05 UTC** - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Sorry team, putting out fires

### Fun Moment
> **17:18 UTC** - Matt Davies
> <AI Generated Image of Charlie as a Fireman>

> **17:27 UTC** - Jake Bowles
> [AI-generated image of Charlie as fireman]
> Closest I could get to one of those sexy firemen

> **17:35 UTC** - Sophia Fricker
> What tool did you use?

> **18:04 UTC** - Jake Bowles
> Gemini

### Deadline Pressure
> **18:23 UTC** - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Anything needed from me?

> **18:26 UTC** - Andrew Price
> By Monday please

> **18:26 UTC** - Andrew Price
> I am working on licensing - just got the access from Luke

> **18:27 UTC** - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> What do you need Monday?
> I have a lot to do on Compass, Basketball League and Midwich on Sunday

> **18:36 UTC** - Andrew Price
> What are you owning on Jensten please?

## Actions
- Jake: Add Fabric capacity and Power BI Pro info to deck
- All directors: Check respective pages in Canva deck
- Andrew: Licensing analysis (got access from Luke)
- Charlie: Clarify ownership on Jensten deliverables

## Related
- [Jensten Overview](../../projects/jensten-overview.md)
