# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow

## 19:15 - Matt Davies
> Leave with us, get some sleep

## 18:58 - Akshansh Sharma
> Matt is it possible for him to sign the APS if we update the 6 year term to 1 year and send it back to Narayan’s way?

## 18:53 - Matt Davies
> well I wouldn't go that far. their legal position on that particular clause is still true, but they were not forthcoming about how flexible we could or should be

## 18:50 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Absolute morons would be my comment to them

## 18:49 - Matt Davies
> have shared my dissatisfaction

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like cmon

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like anyone is going to sign up to 6 years liability

## 18:45 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> ffs

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow

## 19:15 - Matt Davies
> Leave with us, get some sleep

## 18:58 - Akshansh Sharma
> Matt is it possible for him to sign the APS if we update the 6 year term to 1 year and send it back to Narayan’s way?

## 18:53 - Matt Davies
> well I wouldn't go that far. their legal position on that particular clause is still true, but they were not forthcoming about how flexible we could or should be

## 18:50 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Absolute morons would be my comment to them

## 18:49 - Matt Davies
> have shared my dissatisfaction

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like cmon

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like anyone is going to sign up to 6 years liability

## 18:45 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> ffs

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow

## 19:15 - Matt Davies
> Leave with us, get some sleep

## 18:58 - Akshansh Sharma
> <attachment id="1770749590879"></attachment>
> Matt is it possible for him to sign the APS if we update the 6 year term to 1 year and send it back to Narayan’s way?

## 18:53 - Matt Davies
> well I wouldn't go that far. their legal position on that particular clause is still true, but they were not forthcoming about how flexible we could or should be

## 18:50 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Absolute morons would be my comment to them

## 18:49 - Matt Davies
> have shared my dissatisfaction

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like cmon

## 18:46 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> Like anyone is going to sign up to 6 years liability

## 18:45 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> ffs

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> if he is still available. let me know

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> <p>if he is still available. let me know</p>

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
<p>Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow</p>


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> <p>if he is still available. let me know</p>

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
<p>Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow</p>


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 00:17 - Matt Davies
> <p>if he is still available. let me know</p>

## 00:16 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770732651044"></attachment>
<p>Yes actually, I could use him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow</p>

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 07:59 - Matt Davies
> Ok, we do need to prioritise these internal projects together.
> 
> Is there really no billable project work for the availabile UK resources (Kenny & Fraser) this week?

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> Allows us to track expectations and renewals

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> He is implementing a group feature so we can assign any certifications to groups and groups to people

## 07:54 - Andrew Price
> Operations Reporting - Certifications Dashboard

## 07:54 - Matt Davies
> Ok that's a nice thing. out of interest which plan would Kenny log his time to for that?

## 07:47 - Andrew Price
> TD are allowing us to apply for Microsoft vouchers for pretty much any certification that counts to Solution Partner or Specialisation. So for each person, we identify their target certifications, then open the list up to anyone if they want to volunteer for more, then we apply

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> whats a voucher request?

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> financial dashboard

## 07:33 - Andrew Price
> How urgent?

## 07:33 - Andrew Price
> Just building me something in the licensing dashboard to allow me to do the voucher request to TD Synnex

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 08:03 - Nandan Hegde
> <p>Kenny would be billable once Jensten gets signed off now as 17C is no longer in scope for now</p>

## 07:59 - Matt Davies
> <p>Ok, we do need to prioritise these internal projects together.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Is there really no billable project work for the availabile UK resources (Kenny &amp; Fraser) this week?</p>

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> Allows us to track expectations and renewals

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> He is implementing a group feature so we can assign any certifications to groups and groups to people

## 07:54 - Andrew Price
> Operations Reporting - Certifications Dashboard

## 07:54 - Matt Davies
> <p>Ok that's a nice thing. out of interest which plan would Kenny log his time to for that?</p>

## 07:47 - Andrew Price
> TD are allowing us to apply for Microsoft vouchers for pretty much any certification that counts to Solution Partner or Specialisation. So for each person, we identify their target certifications, then open the list up to anyone if they want to volunteer for more, then we apply

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> <p>whats a voucher request?</p>

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> <p>financial dashboard </p>

## 07:33 - Andrew Price
> How urgent?

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 08:03 - Nandan Hegde
> Kenny would be billable once Jensten gets signed off now as 17C is no longer in scope for now

## 07:59 - Matt Davies
> Ok, we do need to prioritise these internal projects together.
> 
> Is there really no billable project work for the availabile UK resources (Kenny & Fraser) this week?

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> Allows us to track expectations and renewals

## 07:55 - Andrew Price
> He is implementing a group feature so we can assign any certifications to groups and groups to people

## 07:54 - Andrew Price
> Operations Reporting - Certifications Dashboard

## 07:54 - Matt Davies
> Ok that's a nice thing. out of interest which plan would Kenny log his time to for that?

## 07:47 - Andrew Price
> TD are allowing us to apply for Microsoft vouchers for pretty much any certification that counts to Solution Partner or Specialisation. So for each person, we identify their target certifications, then open the list up to anyone if they want to volunteer for more, then we apply

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> whats a voucher request?

## 07:34 - Matt Davies
> financial dashboard

## 07:33 - Andrew Price
> How urgent?


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 08:38 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> <attachment id="1770796772756"></attachment>
> When are we having the chat with Fraser and Gaurav


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 08:38 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> <attachment id="1770796772756"></attachment>
> When are we having the chat with Fraser and Gaurav

## 08:33 - Unknown
> So nice to see someone else get it! The possibilities are limitless
> <attachment id="1770790782921"></attachment>


# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 09:30 - Jake Bowles
> Friday works for me

## 09:30 - Matt Davies
> we do need to discuss pipeline vs capacity with a focus on UK resources yes. Jake cannot make Thursdays meeting, I could move it to Friday? naturally a good opportunity to discuss individuals

## 09:19 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> I ask because they are benched so probably a great time to accelerate the conversation

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 09:45 - Matt Davies
> this clears the backlog I believe?

## 09:45 - Jake Bowles
> Sorry yeah I just meant Midwich Slipstream doesn't make sense without the US in the title

## 09:45 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> LCP can be P2 and Nimans P3

## 09:44 - Matt Davies
> yeah thats P1

## 09:44 - Jake Bowles
> Slipstream US

## 09:44 - Matt Davies
> Anuj will have these three ready this morning
> 1) Midwich Slipstream (Jake)
> 2) Midwich Nimans (Charlie)
> 3) LCP Nav Reconciliation

## 09:43 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> [Attachment: 1770802840568]
> I wasn't surprised and kind of expected it. He is under paid. Wouldn't find someone with his skillset at that price on the market. Jake and I did raise that last week

## 09:43 - Jake Bowles
> I am going to send to Tayo along with the other one as a nudge towards SPXaaS

## 09:43 - Matt Davies
> LCP you need to sign btw

## 09:42 - Matt Davies
> yeah agree - yesterday Anuj and Charlotte were off so I was even writing them

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 09:55 - Andrew Price
> <div>
<attachment id="1770802512772"></attachment>
We do not do hikes in March. Not sure what he thinks industry standard is, but we need to land some things or he needs to backfill Yaz to make the finances work</div>

## 09:45 - Jake Bowles
> <p>Just sent everything to the requests channel as well</p>

## 09:45 - Matt Davies
> <p>this clears the backlog I believe?</p>

## 09:45 - Jake Bowles
> <p>Sorry yeah I just meant Midwich Slipstream doesn't make sense without the US in the title&nbsp;</p>

## 09:45 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> <p>LCP can be P2 and Nimans P3</p>

## 09:44 - Matt Davies
> <p>yeah thats P1</p>

## 09:44 - Jake Bowles
> <p>Slipstream US</p>

## 09:44 - Matt Davies
> <p>Anuj will have these three ready this morning&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Midwich Slipstream (Jake)</li><li>Midwich Nimans (Charlie)</li><li>LCP Nav Reconciliation</li></ol>

## 09:43 - Charlie Phipps-Bennett
> <attachment id="1770802840568"></attachment>
<p>I wasn't surprised and kind of expected it. He is under paid. Wouldn't find someone with his skillset at that price on the market. Jake and I did raise that last week</p>

## 09:43 - Jake Bowles
> <p>I am going to send to Tayo along with the other one as a nudge towards SPXaaS</p>

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 10:11 - Jake Bowles
> ahh makes sense

## 10:11 - Matt Davies
> thats the 5 days free unless you buy one

## 10:10 - Jake Bowles
> Duplicate for Jensten underwriting I believe

## 10:09 - Matt Davies
> [image]
> backlog will be cleared today - hopefully no surprises from this list

# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 10:11 - Jake Bowles
> ahh makes sense

## 10:11 - Matt Davies
> thats the 5 days free unless you buy one

## 10:10 - Jake Bowles
> Duplicate for Jensten underwriting I believe

## 10:09 - Matt Davies
> backlog will be cleared today - hopefully no surprises from this list



# Teams Chat — Synapx Directors

## 17:11 - Jake Bowles
> <p>I have no idea what you're talking about either </p>

## 17:10 - Matt Davies
> <p>he cannot have looked at what he sent</p>

## 17:09 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770829753152"></attachment>
> <p>the quality of what was sent is unbelievably poor - she has escalated to Andy and myself</p>

## 17:09 - Nandan Hegde
> <p style="margin-bottom:8px"><span style="font-size:inherit">BI Changes:</span></p>
> <p style="margin-bottom:8px"><span style="font-size:inherit"><strong>Total Cost: £16,610 @&nbsp;</strong>21 Days</span></p>
> <p style="margin-bottom:8px">&nbsp;</p>
> <p style="margin-bottom:8px"><span style="font-size:inherit">App Changes:</span></p>
> <p style="margin-bottom:8px"><span style="font-size:inherit"><strong>Total Cost: £ 24,585</strong>&nbsp;@ 55 Days</span></p>

## 17:09 - Matt Davies
> <p>context is that this is a screenshot of the contracts/compliance kanban board managed by Charlotte/Compliance team. Jake and Charlie were asking the status of SOWs earlier and this shows the backlog</p>

## 17:09 - Nandan Hegde
> <attachment id="1770829650271"></attachment>
> <p>let me fwd that email with you</p>

## 17:08 - Nandan Hegde
> <attachment id="1770829576050"></attachment>
> <p>Apologies if this is a redundant question.</p>
> <p>What is the URL and who needs to manage this</p>

## 17:07 - Matt Davies
> <p>is anyone aware of what Gagan submitted to Lacey re BI/Apps proposal ?</p>

## 17:06 - Jake Bowles
> <p>Haha yep all on me now</p>

## 17:06 - Matt Davies
> <attachment id="1770804590334"></attachment>
> <p>I understand all is cleared now but please tell me if not</p>
> <p><img src="https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/chats/19:585b7c7238364c9eb7c30ba39150016d@thread.v2/messages/1770829576050/hostedContents/aWQ9eF8wLXd1ay1kMS0yNmJjZGM3MjdkOWQzYzJjNGI2MDU4NTEzZGFiZTJmNyx0eXBlPTEsdXJsPWh0dHBzOi8vdWstYXBpLmFzbS5za3lwZS5jb20vdjEvb2JqZWN0cy8wLXd1ay1kMS0yNmJjZGM3MjdkOWQzYzJjNGI2MDU4NTEzZGFiZTJmNy92aWV3cy9pbWdv/$value" width="524.3095512082854" height="250" alt="image" itemid="0-wuk-d1-26bcdc727d9d3c2c4b6058513dabe2f7"></p>
> <p>&nbsp;</p>
