# Akshansh Sharma

- **Type:** Internal colleague
- **Last contact:** 2026-02-09

## Recent interactions
- **2026-02-11 16:21:** Sent Teams message notification about forecast image update.
- **2026-02-11 15:54:** Noted he would update forecast and remove investor letters; advised raising RFA and discussed AVD/AD password sync.
- **2026-02-11 15:42:** Planned to update/remove investor letters; advised on phone-number based access and asked to raise issue with RFA ASAP.
- **2026-02-11 14:44:** Tagged to help distribute workload reviewing 150–200 software engineer assignments.
- **2026-02-11 14:26:** Tagged to help review 150-200 software engineer assignments and coordinate workload; also listed for agentic coding lessons.
- **2026-02-11 14:07:** Sent a Teams message about updating forecast and removing investor.
- **2026-02-11 13:53:** Mentioned/asked about forecast via Teams notification; advised on 17C access/password workflow in 17C User Accounts chat.
- **2026-02-11 13:38:** Advised to use web version; asked to raise RFA ASAP regarding access issues.
- **2026-02-11 13:24:** Requested RFA raised ASAP; discussed AVD/login issues; also triggered Teams email notification.
- **2026-02-11 12:55:** Teams/email notifications and chat about 17C user account access/password reset emails.
- **2026-02-11 11:56:** Sent message about updating forecast and removing investor reference; discussed vibe coding with Kushagra.
- **2026-02-11 11:23:** Teams email notification: Akshansh sent a message re: forecast and updating/removing investor.
- **2026-02-11 11:13:** Sent Teams message notification about forecast update.
- **2026-02-11 11:02:** Mentioned forecast update and participated in 17C User Accounts chat about account emails.
- **2026-02-11 10:44:** Discussed account/password reset process; referenced as having discussed vibe coding with Kushagra.
- **2026-02-11 09:42:** Sent a Teams message (email notification) to Matt Davies: 'FYI forecast' with image; said he will update and remove investor.
- **2026-02-11 09:34:** Sent a Teams message to Matt Davies about forecast; planned to update and remove investor info.
- **2026-02-11 08:57:** Asked about updating APS term from 6 years to 1 year and routing back for signature.
- **2026-02-11 08:38:** Sent message about forecast; will update and remove investor items.
- **2026-02-11 07:52:** Sent a Teams message to Matt Davies: 'FYI forecast... will update and remove investor'.
- **2026-02-11 04:28:** Shared forecast screenshot; said he will update and remove investor letters and wait until Simon is back.
- **2026-02-11 03:49:** Shared an attachment; said they will update and remove investor letters for now and wait until Simon comes back.
- **2026-02-11 03:30:** Said they will update and remove investor letters for now and wait until Simon comes back.
- **2026-02-11 03:03:** Said they will update and remove investor letters for now and wait until Simon comes back; FYI forecast shared.
- **2026-02-11 02:20:** Posted update: will remove investor letters for now and wait until Simon comes back.
- **2026-02-11 02:06:** Posted an update: will remove investor letters for now and wait until Simon returns.
- **2026-02-11 01:36:** Asked about updating APS term from 6 years to 1 year and routing back via Narayan.
- **2026-02-10 23:42:** Advised on tester needs and offered help resolving Harvest Forecast access.
- **2026-02-10 21:51:** Mentioned/tagged by Matt Davies in context of forecast (FYI).
- **2026-02-10 20:53:** Asked about updating APS 6-year term to 1 year and sending back via Narayan's route.
- **2026-02-10 19:39:** Asked about updating APS term from 6 years to 1 year and sending back via Narayan.
- **2026-02-10 19:21:** Asked whether signing APS is possible if liability term reduced from 6 years to 1 year; referenced sending back via Narayan.
- **2026-02-10 19:06:** Discussed updating APS term from 6 years to 1 year and sending back to Narayan.
- **2026-02-10 18:36:** Discussed APS being based on Pro MSA terms; said he'd check with Ajay about model-driven knowledge.
- **2026-02-10 18:22:** Asked whether APS is based on Pro MSA terms; mentioned checking with Ajay about model-driven.
- **2026-02-10 18:09:** Discussed vendor commitment, fixed price model-driven app skill gap; considering onboarding external dev/architect; will check Ajay's skills.
- **2026-02-10 17:07:** Stated a candidate won’t be joining; suggested removing name from list; commented on a frequently asked question.
- **2026-02-10 16:50:** Commented that a candidate won’t be joining and Bhoomi can remove name from list.
- **2026-02-10 15:31:** Commented that client seemed fine with cost/requirement gathering; awaiting next steps.
- **2026-02-10 15:06:** Commented they were fine with cost and requirements gathering; shared attachment.
- **2026-02-10 14:43:** Asked clarifying questions about client situation; shared attachment and updates from Simon.
- **2026-02-10 13:56:** Recipient on project update email about LCP Finance Document Extraction status and risks.
- **2026-02-10 13:55:** Discussed SOW estimates for siteops app changes and remaining data discovery work.
- **2026-02-10 13:20:** Discussed SOW estimates and siteops app changes; noted adding planned/sick leave to project plans.
- **2026-02-10 12:02:** Discussed investigating Power BI report/service account access and user/account licensing guidance; recipient of Delivery Leadership Call invite.
- **2026-02-10 11:56:** Tagged to take forward Shelly's email; offered to investigate report/service account access and advised not committing timelines to client.
- **2026-02-10 11:42:** Mentioned by Andrew Price as recipient for PowerBI report issue escalation.
- **2026-02-10 11:38:** Asked about Pro contract and Seras contract; coordinated testing/resource allocation (Vijay/Katyayani) and offered help with Harvest access.
- **2026-02-10 09:37:** Tagged by Charlie Phipps-Bennett in Project Managers chat (attachment shared).
- **2026-02-10 09:02:** Advised on testing resourcing; said LCP priority but requested releasing tester for Accent with acceptable delay.
- **2026-02-10 08:21:** Raised priority of LCP, requested tester allocation for Accent; asked when to proceed with Pro contract.
- **2026-02-10 07:56:** Advised on scheduling and priorities (LCP vs Accent); asked about proceeding with Pro contract; suggested aligning on SalesIQ viability.
- **2026-02-10 07:26:** Raised concerns about SalesIQ solution viability; asked when to proceed with Pro contract; noted missed scheduling with Gaurav.
- **2026-02-10 07:07:** Asked Charlie when they can proceed with pro contract.
- **2026-02-10 06:45:** Listed in 17 Capital account status update; account created and set up.
- **2026-02-10 03:47:** Organizer listed for 'Delivery Weekly Standup' on 2026-02-10.
- **2026-02-09:** In meeting chat `Synapx Internal Projects – Weekly Status Update`, suggested assigning a priority deliverable to Nikhil once onboarded (attachment referenced; needs clarification).
- **2026-02-09 18:33 UTC (Teams | Synapx Directors):** Warned that if the Zoho SalesIQ approach is the same as previously used, it did not work; asked for internal alignment before presenting to Compass. Noted Matt can explain why it failed.
