# Andrew Price

- **Email:** andrew.price@synapx.com
- **Last contact:** 2026-02-09

## Recent interactions
- **2026-02-11 21:02:** Replied prior work was Power BI; mentioned knowing Bryce (COO); discussed prospects with WA Comms.
- **2026-02-11 20:05:** One-to-one Teams chat; brief exchange about raffling something off.
- **2026-02-11 19:49:** Brief direct chat; user suggested 'Raffle it off' and confirmed done.
- **2026-02-11 19:33:** Chat thread; Jake Bowles posted short messages ('Raffle it off', 'Yep already done').
- **2026-02-11 19:22:** Discussed certifications/voucher requests, deck/templates, and Intune admin access; exchanged short chat about event/company switch and deferring a year.
- **2026-02-11 19:04:** Discussed templates and client interest; asked to help with Intune admin task and sharing directly.
- **2026-02-11 18:48:** Mentioned/pinged for Intune admin help; participated in Synapx Directors chat re templates and draft timing.
- **2026-02-11 18:33:** Mentioned/pinged to perform Intune admin update for VS Code GitHub extension; asked about being available after Sophia's bedtime.
- **2026-02-11 18:19:** Pinged for Intune admin help for VS Code/GitHub extension update; requested Matt work on a document using other templates; shared attachments.
- **2026-02-11 18:05:** Shared attachments and asked Matt to work on content using other templates.
- **2026-02-11 18:00:** Discussed internal dashboards (licensing/voucher requests), renewals tracking, and guidance on client handling; followed up on Agentic AI email to Alan.
- **2026-02-11 17:35:** Mentioned as guidance provider on handling a client; asked to join a call and present to client; referenced as being escalated to.
- **2026-02-11 16:24:** Followed up with Alan after discussing Agentic AI; referenced Arch's AI journey.
- **2026-02-11 15:54:** Requested status updates and managed resource/forecast discussions; referenced multiple team members' availability.
- **2026-02-11 15:40:** Resource/forecast coordination; asked about 17C user account email and identified Vijay Gorasia email.
- **2026-02-11 15:21:** Discussed compliance prep, salary sharing boundaries, and stance on paying invoices to non-billable tasks.
- **2026-02-11 15:12:** Suggested candidate technical assessment via deploying to repos and automated testing.
- **2026-02-11 14:44:** Chatted about Fabcon EU access issue, recruitment offer fairness and candidate testing approach, and internal UK directors compliance/invoice comments.
- **2026-02-11 14:26:** Commented that offer is fair and asked Jake for input on candidate negotiation.
- **2026-02-11 13:25:** Brief note about inability to switch to Fabcon EU.
- **2026-02-11 12:59:** Discussed identifying Vijay Gorasia and 17C account email in 17C User Accounts chat.
- **2026-02-11 12:36:** Copied on Marketplace Phase 1 alignment and questions for delivery input.
- **2026-02-11 11:54:** Confirmed meeting time with Spring Capital Partners.
- **2026-02-11 10:16:** Discussed UK salary conversations staying within forum; commented on finances/backfill and salary hike timing.
- **2026-02-11 09:41:** Participant in chat where outreach targets and lead-gen ideas were discussed.
- **2026-02-11 09:17:** Asked if an account belonged to Vijay; referenced Vijay Gorasia email.
- **2026-02-11 08:57:** Asked Jake’s view on recruitment offer; discussed licensing dashboard work and voucher requests to TD Synnex; certifications dashboard/group feature.
- **2026-02-11 08:39:** Recipient of Amanda Bond email about meeting today; also active in Teams chats about operations reporting and certifications dashboard.
- **2026-02-11 08:29:** Discussed internal backlog and resourcing, operations reporting/certifications dashboard and voucher requests, provided input on recruitment offer, and replied in Jensten proposal chat.
- **2026-02-11 08:22:** Shared details on certifications dashboard/voucher requests; discussed internal project backlog and resourcing; asked Jake for view on offer.
- **2026-02-11 07:53:** Asked Jake for thoughts on an offer; replied to Sophia about proposal work.
- **2026-02-11 04:28:** Asked if access works now; requested deleting a password.
- **2026-02-11 01:51:** Discussed certification/sales staffing; advised being prepared for ad-hoc compliance call; shared he floated numbers to PNY and awaited feedback; requested password deletion.
- **2026-02-11 01:36:** Discussed sales/certification run; prepared compliance; shared numbers for RFPs and awaited feedback from PNY via referral.
- **2026-02-11 01:22:** Discussed certification plans contingent on having a salesperson; advised preparing for ad-hoc call and preparing compliance.
- **2026-02-11 01:06:** Commented on certification run once sales person hired; warned of ad-hoc phone call; said he will prepare Compliance.
- **2026-02-11 00:37:** Discussed considering certification once there is a salesperson; banter about paying for a $99 exam.
- **2026-02-11 00:19:** Chatted about certification run, compliance prep, RFP number estimates/feedback from PNY, and project admin request (delete password).
- **2026-02-11 00:09:** Chatted about certifications, compliance preparation, RFP pricing numbers awaiting PNY feedback, and PM admin tasks (password deletion).
- **2026-02-10 23:51:** Discussed certification run, compliance prep, and RFP numbers/feedback; requested password deletion in PM chat.
- **2026-02-10 23:41:** Reviewed lead weightings and RFP numbers; advised on Harvest Forecast access and password cleanup; requested SOW template updates for Synapx as a Service.
- **2026-02-10 23:22:** Asked for ETA and discussed Compass call with Charlie; requested assessment of K&S questionnaire and suggested involving Andrew Wingate for Navision knowledge.
- **2026-02-10 23:06:** Asked for SOW/presentation ETA; discussed Azure profit credit; mentioned as needing help on certs dashboards.
- **2026-02-10 22:35:** Discussed monitoring and whether third-party models count as Microsoft profit.
- **2026-02-10 22:24:** Commented on monitoring and whether something counts as Microsoft profit.
- **2026-02-10 20:52:** Involved in email scheduling with Charlie and participated in Jensten Proposal Teams chat about migration deck estimates.
- **2026-02-10 20:36:** Said estimate likely not feasible; discussed what a migration could look like and working on slide content.
- **2026-02-10 19:07:** Discussed Midwich K&S questionnaire integration assessment; flagged need for Navision knowledge (Andrew Wingate). In Directors chat, relayed Tayo escalation about broken Power BI report and discussed Pro contract/liability concerns.
- **2026-02-10 18:35:** Discussed APS/MSA terms; noted APS is standard across all; questioned Pro-related scope.
- **2026-02-10 18:22:** Stated APS is standard across all; weighed in on whether Maggie is right.
- **2026-02-10 18:09:** Suggested assigning Ajay; noted inability to use Narayan anymore and referenced Maggie's assessment.
- **2026-02-10 17:24:** Worked on licensing and deck content; shared attachments and discussed migration estimate feasibility.
- **2026-02-10 17:07:** Asked for status of accepted-offer candidates; planned follow-up with a candidate; noted someone only messages on LinkedIn about UK opportunities.
- **2026-02-10 16:50:** Discussed offer candidates’ status and noted candidate likely not joining; planned follow-up.
- **2026-02-10 16:44:** Requested status of accepted-offer candidates; contributed to Jensten proposal deck (licensing work, migration discussion) and candidate evaluation chat.
- **2026-02-10 16:30:** Asked Jake/Nandan to assess K&S slipstream questionnaire ahead of Feb 25 visit; offered to involve Andrew Wingate for Navision knowledge.
- **2026-02-10 16:01:** Discussed K&S slipstream questionnaire and suggested involving Andrew Wingate for Navision knowledge; shared RFP response number guidance in Lead/Opportunity Requests chat.
- **2026-02-10 15:34:** Requested Jake/Nandan assess K&S slipstream questionnaire ahead of 25 Feb visit; offered to involve Andrew Wingate for Navision knowledge.
- **2026-02-10 15:31:** Discussed project approach/certs; asked Akshansh for thoughts; asked to review lead weighting with Anand.
- **2026-02-10 15:06:** Commented on solution looking off-the-shelf; planning cert work; general discussion.
- **2026-02-10 14:43:** Discussed client payment/budget overruns and issues with prior app delivery.
- **2026-02-10 14:41:** Re: K&S slipstream questionnaire—asked Jake/Nandan to assess integration options ahead of 25 Feb visit; suggested involving Andrew Wingate for Navision knowledge.
- **2026-02-10 12:19:** Included as recipient on Teams meeting invite 'Jensten catch up' from Sophia Fricker.
- **2026-02-10 12:17:** Worked on licensing and deck content; planned to discuss with a colleague once he reaches office; shared attachments/images.
- **2026-02-10 12:03:** Coordinated investigation of Power BI report issue; advised on licensing/service accounts and Harvest account access troubleshooting; asked colleagues for updates.
- **2026-02-10 11:57:** Discussed caution about sharing documents, confirmed items, and requested Akshansh/Nandan to investigate Power BI report issue escalated by Tayo to Lanware.
- **2026-02-10 11:39:** Requested team troubleshoot/resolve PowerBI report issue escalated by Tayo; managed Harvest Forecast access and scheduling rules.
- **2026-02-10 11:10:** Advised on Harvest Forecast access and resource scheduling rules; discussed Microsoft licensing needs for users.
- **2026-02-10 11:07:** Coordinated credential sharing, Harvest Forecast access reminders, and project attendance decisions.
- **2026-02-10 10:56:** Discussed project coordination with Charlie/Yaz; handled 17C account email evidence; discussed Azure paid resources and Harvest Forecast access.
- **2026-02-10 10:51:** Responded about removing billing account; planned to speak to Fraser about paid Azure resources; noted unavailability for prior Harvest call.
- **2026-02-10 10:13:** Said he's not aware of the issue; will speak to Fraser about what to do with paid Azure resources.
- **2026-02-10 08:24:** Worked on licensing content for proposal deck; needs to complete deck content.
- **2026-02-10 07:57:** Reported completing licensing work and needing to finish proposal deck content.
- **2026-02-10 06:44:** Listed in 17 Capital account status update; account created and set up.
- **2026-02-10 04:38:** Challenged assumptions about Claude being free; compared models and discussed value justification; asked if related to a client.
- **2026-02-10 03:58:** Chatted about value/cost of GPT vs other models; questioned whether charges were client-related.
- **2026-02-10 03:21:** Chatted about whether AI tool charges relate to a client; weighed perceived value vs cost vs other models.
- **2026-02-10 03:14:** Chatted about GPT/Claude pricing/value and whether costs relate to a client.
- **2026-02-10 01:41:** Discussed whether AI subscription cost is justified vs free/other models; assumed not client-related.
- **2026-02-10 01:25:** Discussed perceived free vs paid AI models; value justification; asked if related to a client.
- **2026-02-10 01:05:** Chatted about AI model costs/value; questioned whether related to a client.
- **2026-02-10 00:55:** Discussed perceived cost/value of Claude vs other models; asked if related to a client.
- **2026-02-09:**
  - In **Timesheeting Administration** chat: requested moving logged hours out of a placeholder (image attached).
  - In **Synapx/TD SYNNEX** chat: asked for guidance on adding a new customer to ION under the new process.
  - **2026-02-09 17:50 UTC:** Follow-up in Synapx/TD SYNNEX chat: "Thank you - need more details than before" (attachment placeholder included).
  - In **17C User Accounts** chat: asked to be CCd on account request(s) and urged recipients to sign in ASAP due to password expiry.

- **2026-02-08:** Asked in Teams (Jensten Check in) what ownership/workstreams I am taking on Jensten.
