# Jake Bowles

- **Type:** Internal
- **Last contact:** 2026-02-09

## Recent interactions
- **2026-02-10 19:39:** Asked whether to join a call; participated in directors chat.
- **2026-02-10 19:06:** Asked whether to join a call; light logistics chat.
- **2026-02-10 19:06:** Led discussions in Synapx Directors/UK Directors chats about Pro contract, Compass call, and resourcing (Kenny). Mentioned as leading CDIAD workshop; requested missing receipts follow-up.
- **2026-02-10 17:24:** Chatted with directors about dinner/family commitments and Jensten deck & SOWs; participated in client risk discussion.
- **2026-02-10 17:07:** Discussed family commitments and completing Jensten deck & SOWs; joined in banter about dinner.
- **2026-02-10 16:50:** Discussed candidate offer guidance with Andrew Price.
- **2026-02-10 16:43:** Collaborated on recruitment review and Jensten proposal/SOW slide content; discussed Azure/Claude usage and responded to client questions.
- **2026-02-10 16:31:** Recipient on K&S slipstream questionnaire email; active in Teams chats about requirements language and team discussions.
- **2026-02-10 16:26:** CC'd on doc extraction webpage email; discussed pre-trained model wording and gave feedback in Teams chats.
- **2026-02-10 16:10:** Shared SharePoint links to Jensten SOW docs and said he will lift and shift details into slides; asked for thoughts on updates.
- **2026-02-10 16:00:** Mentioned as workshop lead; received document comment notification; involved in K&S slipstream questionnaire review and missing receipts request.
- **2026-02-10 15:47:** CC'd on doc extraction webpage requirements thread between Synapx and Adstract.
- **2026-02-10 15:33:** Recipient of 'Euroleague - final reviews' email about licensing cost and response sheet validation.
- **2026-02-10 15:32:** Coordinated Kenny resourcing for Midwich US; discussed being unavailable and timing for responses; mentioned needing to finish Jensten.
- **2026-02-10 15:05:** Chatted about response timing and internal availability (Kenny) plus status updates.
- **2026-02-10 14:43:** Discussed resourcing Kenny onto Midwich/Azure/Foundry work; managed Harvest project access; coordinated RFP/Compass questions with Charlie.
- **2026-02-10 14:41:** Replied to Andrew Price re: K&S slipstream questionnaire; acknowledged reading and negative assessment.
- **2026-02-10 14:16:** Discussed MW account, quick check-in, and Harvest/project setup in chats.
- **2026-02-10 13:54:** Discussed investor letters/SOW estimates and project scoping in directors chat.
- **2026-02-10 13:49:** Coordinated with Tayo on SFTP access; responded in LCP doc extraction standup thread; discussed contract request channel decisions; coordinated call with Nandan; replied to Kenny re work stop; referenced ability to add to LCP Teams.
- **2026-02-10 13:41:** Discussed SOW request location, SFTP access requirements for US Bank files, and coordinating quick call timing; acknowledged Kenny stopping work on 17c.
- **2026-02-10 13:25:** Asked where to put SOW requests and requested a decision; was tagged by Matt Davies.
- **2026-02-10 13:19:** Discussed SOW/budget handling and estimates; acknowledged proposal attachments.
- **2026-02-10 13:00:** Coordinated project planning/timelines and SOW; agreed meeting time with Tayo; handled Jensten proposal items; discussed slide breakdown and scope dependencies.
- **2026-02-10 12:32:** Chatted about project plan for CAP; updates on Jensten proposal content and handling.
- **2026-02-10 12:19:** Included as recipient on Teams meeting invite 'Jensten catch up' from Sophia Fricker.
- **2026-02-10 12:17:** Casual chat about making brunch; light banter.
- **2026-02-10 12:02:** Recipient of Delivery Leadership Call invite.
- **2026-02-10 11:53:** Discussed sending Jensten proposal, coordinating meeting timing, and asked Tayo for 5 mins to discuss.
- **2026-02-10 11:38:** Mentioned in receipts request email (missing receipts) and in Synapx Directors chat re: managing contract work.
- **2026-02-10 11:08:** Suggested adding 'Pro' into the next one (discussion with Matt Davies).
- **2026-02-10 10:56:** Mentioned as leading CDIAD workshop; participated in Azure Admin cost discussion and chat with Matt Davies.
- **2026-02-10 10:45:** Discussed Capital H&B SOW separation; registrations for CDIAD; tag request with Nandan.
- **2026-02-10 10:39:** Mentioned as leading CDIAD workshop; also added comment to CapitalHB BRD document and received Delve birthday reminder.
- **2026-02-10 10:11:** Confirmed he will run the Chat with Your Data in a Day (CDIAD) session; asked if someone else can manage registrations.
- **2026-02-10 09:20:** Explained docs canâ€™t be sent yet due to architecture changes; offered analyser/response docs; discussed SOW/discounting; replied briefly to Navsheen.
- **2026-02-10 09:18:** Coordinated catchup with Timon; discussed Jensten proposal work and asked Sophia Fricker to add pages; replied to Joe Thompson about docs/SOW and architecture changes.
- **2026-02-10 08:23:** Requested handover to be scheduled for Tim; edited proposal deck to remove mention of F64 due to risk of exceeding limits.
- **2026-02-10 07:57:** Mentioned in context of who would manage SalesIQ/Zoho solution discussion; deferred to Charlie to manage.
- **2026-02-10 07:26:** Mentioned in Directors chat about managing item solo; referenced in recruitment chat as reviewer for assignments for a role.
- **2026-02-10 06:44:** Listed in 17 Capital account status update as created/set up; mentioned in Product Catchup FYI re upcoming ISV call and fraud prediction agent.
- **2026-02-10 05:32:** Listed as organizer/attendee across multiple meetings on 2026-02-10 (standups, handovers, catchups, leadership call, proposal).
- **2026-02-10 04:38:** Mentioned using Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; said will use GPT or alternatives in future.
- **2026-02-10 04:16:** Frequent attendee/organizer in multiple project meetings and handovers.
- **2026-02-10 03:58:** Mentioned using Claude Code hooked up to Foundry for POCs and documents; said he will use GPT/other tools in future.
- **2026-02-10 03:46:** Organizer for 'Capital H&B Handover' on 2026-02-10.
- **2026-02-10 03:21:** Mentioned using Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; said would use GPT/other tools in future.
- **2026-02-10 03:14:** Mentioned using Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; said will use GPT going forward.
- **2026-02-10 03:00:** Organizer/attendee across multiple meetings on 2026-02-10 (standups, handovers, proposal, leadership)
- **2026-02-10 02:33:** Appears across multiple handovers, catchups, and leadership meetings (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 02:23:** Attendee/organizer in multiple meetings including handovers, product catchup, and leadership calls (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 01:59:** Attendee/organizer across multiple meetings (standups, handovers, catchups).
- **2026-02-10 01:41:** Mentioned using Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; may switch to GPT.
- **2026-02-10 01:25:** Mentioned using Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; said will use GPT in future.
- **2026-02-10 01:05:** Mentioned using Claude code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; would use GPT in future.
- **2026-02-10 00:55:** Said he uses Claude Code with Foundry for POCs and document writing; would use GPT/other tools in future due to cost.
- **2026-02-09 20:24 UTC:** Teams chat message (banter) in scheduling thread re: call with Andrew Catt (Vinco Wines).

---
*Last Updated: 2026-02-10*
