# Matt Davies

## Basic Info
- **Role**: (Unknown)
- **Company**: Synapx
- **Type**: Internal - Colleague

## Last contact
- **2026-02-09**

## Recent interactions
- **2026-02-18 22:20:** Sent HR update about Tejashwini Das leaving Synapx; also appears as Adobe Acrobat Sign sender name.
- **2026-02-11 20:34:** Received Teams notification from Akshansh; sent meeting invites (Directors Meeting, Office Pizzas + Drinks + Games); accepted Jensten SOW walkthrough.
- **2026-02-11 20:05:** Discussed commercial communications, involving Sales, and not contacting Lacey; noted Charlotte agreed; participated in directors chat.
- **2026-02-11 19:48:** Discussed commercial communication process; noted having told Gagan to involve Sales and not to contact Lacey until they speak; referenced Charlotte agreement.
- **2026-02-11 19:21:** Discussed staffing/capacity, SOW/proposal quality issues, and preparing client decks/approvals.
- **2026-02-11 19:04:** Chatted about draft timing and template work; noted someone on leave until Monday.
- **2026-02-11 18:48:** Discussed template readiness and timelines; noted Sophia expects a draft before 9am tomorrow.
- **2026-02-11 18:35:** Sent Teams meeting invite email titled 'Office Pizzas + Drinks + Games'.
- **2026-02-11 18:19:** Discussed director chat items; noted Sophia expects a draft before 9am tomorrow; was asked to work on a document based on templates.
- **2026-02-11 18:05:** Discussed template work and timing; mentioned Sophia expecting a draft before 9am.
- **2026-02-11 17:58:** Discussed resourcing, SOW backlog/status, client comms and proposals; invited team to call re Gagan submission.
- **2026-02-11 17:35:** Raised concerns about very poor quality material sent to a client and escalation; emphasized keeping Lacey on side for Synapx as a Service.
- **2026-02-11 17:21:** Discussed BI/Apps proposal quality, SOW backlog context, and requested P1 assistance.
- **2026-02-11 17:03:** Messaged asking Tushara and Udata to do P1 tomorrow morning.
- **2026-02-11 16:36:** Referenced in Teams notification; also sent 'Directors Meeting' Teams invite and accepted Jensten SOW/proposal walkthrough.
- **2026-02-11 16:22:** Referenced in Teams notification; participated in Teams chat about scheduling (12-1 free).
- **2026-02-11 15:54:** Discussed timing of email follow-up, project manager forecast updates, and acknowledged SOW run-through request.
- **2026-02-11 15:42:** Confirmed items sorted; handled password deletion request; discussed Harvest project/forecast enabling and Ops reporting coverage.
- **2026-02-11 15:21:** Discussed UK salary figures and Teams/channel structure; asked clarifying questions.
- **2026-02-11 15:09:** Discussed Teams structure differences (channel vs team) and commented on marketing asset.
- **2026-02-11 14:45:** Answered questions about Anand's salary (£60k) and discussed rationale.
- **2026-02-11 14:08:** Mentioned as recipient of Akshansh Sharma Teams message; sent Directors Meeting invite.
- **2026-02-11 13:55:** Sent Teams invite for Directors Meeting; participated in UK directors chat incl. salary discussion.
- **2026-02-11 13:25:** Referenced in Teams notification; sent Directors Meeting invite; included in SOW review chat.
- **2026-02-11 13:10:** Included in group chat about scheduling Friday review of updated SOWs and other workstreams.
- **2026-02-11 13:00:** Received Teams notification message from Akshansh; sent Directors Meeting invite.
- **2026-02-11 11:56:** Sent Directors Meeting invite; referenced in Teams notification and marketing feedback.
- **2026-02-11 11:26:** Sent Directors Meeting invite; mentioned as recipient in Teams email notification from Akshansh Sharma.
- **2026-02-11 11:14:** Sent Directors Meeting Teams invite; referenced in Teams notification.
- **2026-02-11 11:04:** Sent Directors Meeting invite; discussed UK director items and salary question in Synapx UK Directors chat.
- **2026-02-11 10:45:** Answered questions about salary figures; discussed backlog clearing and underwriting duplication.
- **2026-02-11 10:28:** Answered salary question; discussed backlog/underwriting item.
- **2026-02-11 10:10:** Sent Directors Meeting Teams meeting invite/details.
- **2026-02-11 09:40:** Discussed pipeline vs capacity focusing on UK resources; suggested moving meeting to Friday due to Jake's availability.
- **2026-02-11 09:34:** Was recipient of a Teams message from Akshansh Sharma about forecast; update/removal of investor info mentioned.
- **2026-02-11 09:19:** Asked Tejashwini Das to work with Tushara Udata; shared attachment.
- **2026-02-11 08:57:** Discussed legal clause flexibility/APS term, internal project prioritisation, finance ops reports, and UK resource availability.
- **2026-02-11 08:38:** Was recipient/mentioned in Teams notification email about forecast update.
- **2026-02-11 08:27:** Discussed resource availability, Harvest Forecast updates, internal project prioritisation, and Jensten/17C scope.
- **2026-02-11 08:21:** Discussed prioritising internal projects and UK resource billable work; asked about voucher requests and time logging.
- **2026-02-11 07:52:** Received Teams message referenced in email notification from Akshansh Sharma about forecast update.
- **2026-02-11 07:40:** Posted an attachment and tagged Anuj Pal.
- **2026-02-11 07:23:** Posted a message tagging Anuj Pal in the Contract Requests archive chat.
- **2026-02-11 06:53:** Confirmed a task was already done.
- **2026-02-11 06:24:** Replied 'Already done' in Project Managers chat.
- **2026-02-11 06:04:** Responded 'Already done' in Project Managers chat.
- **2026-02-11 04:51:** Discussed someone’s availability; mentioned using him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow.
- **2026-02-11 04:28:** Confirmed issue resolved and requested password deletion; discussed Finance Ops reports staffing and APS contract term change (6-year to 1-year).
- **2026-02-11 03:51:** Discussed availability of a person for Finance Ops reports tomorrow; asked to be informed if still available.
- **2026-02-11 03:31:** Discussed someone being available and using him on Finance Ops reports tomorrow.
- **2026-02-11 03:03:** Recipient mentioned in Teams email notification: 'Akshansh sent a message > Matt Davies' regarding forecast and investor letters update.
- **2026-02-11 01:50:** Discussed availability for Finance Ops reports; confirmed item sorted and requested deleting a password.
- **2026-02-11 01:36:** Discussed contract clause/APS term change and resourcing for Finance Ops reports; referenced Narayan.
- **2026-02-11 01:22:** Discussed APS term change (6 years to 1 year), legal clause flexibility, and staffing for Finance Ops reports.
- **2026-02-11 01:06:** Discussed availability for Finance Ops reports and APS term change; dissatisfaction with legal clause.
- **2026-02-11 00:36:** Mentioned needing someone for Finance Ops reports tomorrow; asked if he is still available.
- **2026-02-11 00:20:** Confirmed issue was sorted; responded to Andrew Price in project managers chat.
- **2026-02-11 00:10:** Confirmed issue was sorted in PM chat.
- **2026-02-10 23:51:** Confirmed issue resolved in PM chat.
- **2026-02-10 23:40:** Discussed client risk, Jensten deck/SOW timing, and Harvest Forecast access/issues.
- **2026-02-10 23:22:** Discussed presentation readiness/ETA in directors chat; requested signature via Adobe Acrobat Sign; involved in document comment notification.
- **2026-02-10 23:06:** Chatted about Compass/SOW deck readiness; asked Andrew Price for ETA; discussed Azure credit counting.
- **2026-02-10 22:35:** Asked for a resend of a Forecast invite.
- **2026-02-10 22:24:** Asked to resend a recent Forecast invite.
- **2026-02-10 21:51:** Posted message tagging Akshansh Sharma regarding forecast (FYI).
- **2026-02-10 20:52:** Discussed proposal deck requirements (effort/cost/duration) and legal/APS term negotiations; coordinated review and follow-ups.
- **2026-02-10 20:36:** Discussed proposal deck coverage; requested effort/cost/duration estimate; noted Jake to review.
- **2026-02-10 20:21:** Advised to rest: 'Leave with us, get some sleep'.
- **2026-02-10 19:39:** Discussed APS term change (6-year to 1-year), dissatisfaction with legal guidance, and coordinating calls/meetings.
- **2026-02-10 19:21:** Discussed contract/AP S liability term; dissatisfaction with Aerie Law guidance; asked to reduce 6-year term and send back via Narayan.
- **2026-02-10 19:06:** Discussed legal clause/term flexibility with Aerie Law; coordinated Compass call logistics.
- **2026-02-10 18:36:** Confirmed APS is standard in Synapx MSA; said he was speaking with Maggie and would revert.
- **2026-02-10 18:22:** Discussed MSA/APS terms; mentioned speaking with Maggie.
- **2026-02-10 17:38:** Discussed urgent client risk/decision and proposal coverage; noted Jake will review slides in the evening.
- **2026-02-10 17:23:** Discussed directors dinner and client pressure/liabilities; referenced Narayan and Compass CR.
- **2026-02-10 17:06:** Chatted about arranging a directors dinner; joking comments.
- **2026-02-10 16:50:** Asked whether Azarudeen was Nandan Hegde’s referral.
- **2026-02-10 16:44:** Raised concerns about deck readiness and structure; coordinated proposal narrative and asked about estimates/Phase 0 positioning.
- **2026-02-10 16:10:** Appears as chat counterpart in 'Matt Davies' chat; discussed updates to Jensten SOW docs and slide content.
- **2026-02-10 16:00:** Requested signature via Adobe Acrobat Sign for Leadenhall Capital Partners SOW005 (Fabric FX Rates Integration).
- **2026-02-10 15:31:** Responded in directors chat; said he'd think about the item but unsure at the moment.
- **2026-02-10 15:06:** Shared attachment and said he'd think about an item but unsure at the moment.
- **2026-02-10 14:42:** Requested signature via Adobe Acrobat Sign for Leadenhall Capital Partners SOW005 (Fabric FX Rates Integration - Graph API) dated 10 Feb 2026.
- **2026-02-10 13:56:** Commented on SOW timing and whether to hold back requesting funds until April SOW.
- **2026-02-10 13:51:** Shared attachment for SOW requests; noted chat will be closed soon.
- **2026-02-10 13:41:** Shared attachment and indicated the chat would be ended soon.
- **2026-02-10 13:25:** Posted about killing the chat soon and shared an attachment, asking Jake Bowles to use it.
- **2026-02-10 13:20:** Commented on SOW budget timing and holding back requests until April; reacted to budget reallocations.
- **2026-02-10 13:02:** Discussed proposal slide breakdown, Phase 0 architecture cost positioning (~£50k), and scope/organizational reporting considerations.
- **2026-02-10 12:35:** Discussed proposal slide breakdown and Phase 0 architecture cost positioning; noted Dave speaking to Luke about scope.
- **2026-02-10 12:19:** Included as recipient on Teams meeting invite 'Jensten catch up' from Sophia Fricker.
- **2026-02-10 12:18:** Posted reminders about Harvest timesheets in February and adding notes.
- **2026-02-10 12:17:** Coordinated Jensten proposal deck; aimed to send today; discussed structure and dependencies.
- **2026-02-10 12:05:** Asked for a quick chat ('2 mins?'); also referenced in project managers chat re getting something working.
- **2026-02-10 11:52:** Mentioned speaking with Jensten; planning to send proposal today with Jake.
- **2026-02-10 11:38:** Discussed Pro contract readiness and terms with Charlie/Narayan; addressed Harvest Forecast access and resourcing.
- **2026-02-10 11:07:** Discussed messaging/positioning; mentioned as Harvest Forecast invite recipient.
- **2026-02-10 08:23:** Discussed proceeding with Pro contract and not signing until Narayan confirms terms; sent Pro via Adobe; provided feedback on Jensten proposal deck structure, recommendations, and linking to Synapx as a Service; shut down Ajay comment on timesheet notes.
- **2026-02-10 07:57:** Discussed Pro contract decisioning and waiting for Narayan response; referenced shutting down timesheet note comment; flagged proposal deck stalled and lacking commercial proposition.
- **2026-02-10 07:25:** Asked about proceeding with Pro contract; discussed onboarding an India contractor and comparing costs for Narayan; shared Adobe Pro contract details.
- **2026-02-10 06:11:** Asked about proceeding with the Pro contract; referenced onboarding an India contractor and asked about Narayan's cost.
- **2026-02-10 05:39:** Flagged proposal deck progress stalled; noted fragmented journey and missing commercial proposition/transition to Synapx as a Service.
- **2026-02-10 05:33:** Organizer for Synapx Data & Underwriting Proposal placeholder meeting and attendee for delivery weekly standup (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 04:22:** Organized underwriting proposal meeting; attendee in delivery standup.
- **2026-02-10 03:46:** Organizer listed for 'Synapx Data & Underwriting Proposal - Placeholder - (will record and send in advance)' on 2026-02-10.
- **2026-02-10 03:05:** Organizer for Synapx Data & Underwriting Proposal placeholder meeting on 2026-02-10; attendee in delivery standup
- **2026-02-10 02:39:** Organized underwriting proposal placeholder meeting; attendee on delivery weekly standup (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 02:28:** Organizer/attendee for data & underwriting proposal placeholder and delivery weekly standup (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 02:02:** Organized underwriting proposal placeholder meeting; attendee on delivery weekly standup 2026-02-10.
- **2026-02-09:** Referenced in Teams by Nandan (accounts created but not shared; Nandan planned to ask Matt to share credentials/details).
- **2026-02-09 18:33 UTC (Teams | Synapx Directors):** Mentioned by Akshansh as the person who can explain why the prior Zoho SalesIQ approach didn’t work; internal alignment requested before proposing SalesIQ to Compass.

---
*Last Updated: 2026-02-18*
