# Nandan Hegde

## Basic Info
- **Role**: Data Engineer / Fabric Engineer
- **Company**: Synapx
- **Type**: Internal - Colleague

## Projects
- [Leadenhall - LemonEdge Fabric Integration POC](../projects/leadenhall-lemonedge.md)
- [Capital HB Fabric](../projects/capital-hb-fabric.md)
- [App Development & Roll-out (SOW008) / Midwich](../projects/midwich-app-development-sow008.md)

## Context
- Implementing LemonEdge FX rates ingestion into Fabric
- Previously filtering out negative FX rates (per Tayo decision)

## Last contact
- **2026-02-09**

## Recent interactions
- **2026-02-19 22:08:** Coordinated LemonEdge meeting; posted Fabric/Power BI outage note; involved in delivery leadership and forecast updates.
- **2026-02-19 21:09:** Coordinated meeting with Duncan Kirby (LemonEdge) on custom import/auth and discussed triggering schedules; also referenced in SharePoint meeting recording expiry notices.
- **2026-02-19 20:08:** Coordinated meeting with Duncan; reported Fabric/Power BI outage; involved in delivery leadership and forecast discussions.
- **2026-02-19 18:08:** Coordinated LemonEdge meeting; participated in Delivery Leadership Call and Midwich Squad discussions.
- **2026-02-19 17:09:** Emailed LemonEdge and others re API requirements and scheduling; posted Fabric/Power BI outage and bootcamp info; attendee in Delivery Leadership Call and mentioned in forecast meeting.
- **2026-02-18 22:42:** Coordinated meeting time for custom import template/auth and asked about triggering jobs on email notifications.
- **2026-02-18 22:22:** Coordinated meeting with LemonEdge (Custom Import/Auth, API requirements) and discussed scheduling/job triggering.
- **2026-02-11 20:34:** Replied regarding Lanware ticket (no action); asked/received questions about exchange rates API; posted about Fabric/Power BI outage in Everyone-Genuinely channel.
- **2026-02-11 19:23:** Provided update on Kenny billability/Jensten scope and shared BI/App proposal cost/day breakdown; forwarded email and discussed URL ownership.
- **2026-02-11 18:06:** Discussed Seras criticality and following similar standards to Jensten; end-of-day sign-off.
- **2026-02-11 18:00:** Shared mailbox ticket update; coordinated scope clarifications (LCP/Chrysalis FX rates) and timesheet/charge code tags; discussed Seras standards.
- **2026-02-11 17:36:** Discussed need to follow similar standards (as Jensten) for Seras data discovery documentation.
- **2026-02-11 17:21:** Shared BI/App changes costings and offered to forward an email; asked who manages a URL.
- **2026-02-11 16:38:** Replied on Lanware shared mailbox ticket thread; also referenced for urgent contact in Saumya auto-reply; involved in Custom Import Template/Auth email.
- **2026-02-11 16:23:** Email: no action on shared mailbox ticket; Teams chat: asked to connect with Tayo and directed SUDS to do a timebound POC.
- **2026-02-11 16:05:** Discussed scheduling a 30-min connect with Tayo at 10 AM tomorrow; asked Suds to do a time-boxed POC (max 1 day).
- **2026-02-11 15:55:** Replied on shared mailbox ticket update (no action) and discussed 17C scope/resource assignment; included in SOW session scheduling.
- **2026-02-11 15:43:** Stated 17C no longer in scope for Kenny/Hemanth; discussed as delivering Friday Fabric workshop and need for shadow/support.
- **2026-02-11 15:21:** Mentioned forecast/off-status issue; referenced regarding needing access to channels.
- **2026-02-11 14:44:** Discussed AVD/conditional access limitations and subscription setup status; noted as delivering Fabric in a Day workshop.
- **2026-02-11 14:08:** Emailed no action on ticket; discussed PMO tags/charge codes and contacting Tayo/Sudarshan in Teams.
- **2026-02-11 13:55:** Discussed LCP scope/Fx rates, team workload planning, and requested creation of PMO/Capital H&B tags.
- **2026-02-11 13:39:** Requested creation of a PMO tag under Data and AI, and a Capital H & B tag for charging pre-req work; referenced Charlotte’s statement about manager permissions.
- **2026-02-11 13:25:** Discussed FX/shared mailbox topics; emailed no action required on LCP shared mailbox ticket update; involved in API exchange rate question.
- **2026-02-11 13:09:** Requested call to discuss Suds/Ken/Dhanya/Hemanth work, POC work, and LCP scope/SOW; coordinating clarification with Tayo.
- **2026-02-11 13:00:** Updated on shared mailbox ticket; discussed workload/scope (LCP) and contacting Tayo about data sources and FX rate integration.
- **2026-02-11 12:35:** Asked for a call; discussion referenced Chrysalis side.
- **2026-02-11 12:10:** Requested to reconnect; discussed clarifying LCP scope and speaking with Tayo about data sources and FX rate integration.
- **2026-02-11 11:55:** Shared mailbox ticket update; coordinated with Jake about resourcing, POC work, and LCP scope; planned to speak with Tayo about data sources/FX rates.
- **2026-02-11 11:25:** Replied to Lanware ticket update: no action required currently; also referenced in Tayo email thread.
- **2026-02-11 11:15:** Replied on shared mailbox setup ticket thread; also referenced as urgent contact in Saumya auto-reply; discussed API rates question from Tayo.
- **2026-02-11 11:05:** Replied that no action needed on mailbox ticket; asked to connect with Jake about staffing, POC work, and LCP scope/SOW.
- **2026-02-11 10:45:** Explained conditional access policy constraints and impact on AVD/UK IP access; noted Andy blocked on subscription/1Password setup.
- **2026-02-11 10:29:** Discussed conditional access policy limitations and impacts on AVD/UK IP access; noted Andy blocked on subscription and 1Password setup.
- **2026-02-11 10:13:** Listed as urgent contact while Saumya was on personal time off.
- **2026-02-11 09:42:** Replied on shared mailbox setup ticket update (INC:0205798): no action required currently.
- **2026-02-11 09:35:** Replied on shared mailbox setup ticket thread; stated no action required currently.
- **2026-02-11 09:17:** Discussed AVD limitations, SSMS/Power BI Desktop, and coordinating with Andy once subscription is set up.
- **2026-02-11 08:56:** Discussed AVD maturity and tooling limits (SSMS, Power BI Desktop); coordinating with Andy after subscription setup.
- **2026-02-11 08:40:** Noted 17C no longer in scope for Kenny/Hemanth; discussed billable status pending Jensten sign-off.
- **2026-02-11 08:30:** Noted 17C no longer in scope for Kenny/Hemanth; commented on Jensten sign-off affecting Kenny billability.
- **2026-02-11 08:25:** Noted that 17C is no longer in scope for Kenny or Hemanth.
- **2026-02-11 07:39:** Asked to connect to discuss work for Suds, Ken, Dhanya, Hemanth; POC work; LCP scope proceeding till SOW.
- **2026-02-10 23:21:** Involved in blogging topic discussion with Sophia; included on K&S slipstream questionnaire thread with Jake/Andrew.
- **2026-02-10 19:05:** Discussed blogging topics with Sophia; involved in Synapx Directors chat on SOWs, LCP report issue, and project planning.
- **2026-02-10 17:38:** Chatted about buffer concerns and thoughts on pay hike aspect in internal recruitment context.
- **2026-02-10 17:07:** Asked if Rajendra is joining; discussed referral question about Azarudeen.
- **2026-02-10 16:50:** Asked whether Rajendra is joining.
- **2026-02-10 16:31:** Asked to assess K&S slipstream questionnaire and integration options ahead of Feb 25 visit.
- **2026-02-10 16:28:** Discussed potential blog topics for FabCon/SQLCon and timeline/ownership.
- **2026-02-10 15:59:** Included in custom import/auth discussion and blog topic planning; asked about blog deadline and author.
- **2026-02-10 15:34:** Recipient on K&S slipstream questionnaire thread; asked to assess integration options before 25 Feb visit.
- **2026-02-10 15:27:** Discussed intermittent DEV stored procedure/table variable issue; asked to confirm scope/RCA with Microsoft product/MVP side.
- **2026-02-10 15:05:** Asked for environment details; provided LCP SOW scope and effort estimates for data sources and GraphQL.
- **2026-02-10 14:42:** Discussed stored procedure environment question and project timeline inputs.
- **2026-02-10 14:42:** Shared effort estimates and draft LCP SOW scope for NAV reconciliation automation (LemonEdge production) including sources, Fabric env setup, transformations, and GraphQL enablement.
- **2026-02-10 13:56:** Advised on handling data discovery effort and charging work in later SOW; noted open questions pending client reply.
- **2026-02-10 13:52:** Asked about adding PMO tag under Data and AI (via Charlotte); coordinated a call and suggested asking Gagan to move it.
- **2026-02-10 13:42:** Coordinated a quick call with Jake; offered to ask Gagan to move another call.
- **2026-02-10 13:26:** Coordinated a quick call; asked if anything urgent and suggested moving a call with Gagan.
- **2026-02-10 13:20:** Suggested swallowing cost now and charging later; outlined remaining data discovery tasks and effort estimates.
- **2026-02-10 12:02:** Mentioned in directors chat re licensing approach and asked to help with Power BI report issue; recipient of Delivery Leadership Call invite.
- **2026-02-10 11:56:** Tagged to take forward Shelly's email / address escalated Power BI report issue.
- **2026-02-10 11:09:** Suggested skipping today's call.
- **2026-02-10 10:56:** Involved in custom import template/auth email thread; referenced in 17C user accounts setup list.
- **2026-02-10 10:48:** Discussed adding an additional PMO tag under Data and AI; referenced as possible CDIAD owner.
- **2026-02-10 10:37:** Recipient/participant in email thread about Custom Import Template and Auth (NAV reconciliation CITs, import fields).
- **2026-02-10 07:57:** Stated they had not yet received the meeting invite.
- **2026-02-10 07:26:** Noted they had not yet received the meeting invite.
- **2026-02-10 06:44:** Listed in 17 Capital account status update; account created and set up.
- **2026-02-10 05:32:** Attendee across multiple meetings on 2026-02-10 (Midwich standup, handovers, catchups, leadership/standup, code review).
- **2026-02-10 04:20:** Attendee in multiple delivery, standup, and handover meetings.
- **2026-02-10 03:04:** Attendee across multiple meetings on 2026-02-10 (Midwich standup, handovers, leadership, code review)
- **2026-02-10 02:37:** Attendee across multiple delivery, handover, and code review meetings (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 02:26:** Attendee across Midwich standup, handovers, Seras catchup, and delivery leadership/standup meetings (2026-02-10).
- **2026-02-10 02:01:** Scheduled attendee across standups, handovers, leadership call, and other meetings.
- **2026-02-09:**
  - Teams chat re: resourcing — asked about tasks for **Dhanya** (free from tomorrow); noted only Accent bug cases and no internal Power BI work from Matt.
  - Follow-up: confirmed there is **no data/requirements doc** for Capital HB; **Saumya** on leave until Wed; therefore likely no Capital work this week for Dhanya.
  - Midwich Squad: confirmed **UAT database is db-orders-1**.

---
*Last Updated: 2026-02-19*
